and the both of the yes right system and then for one thing it
but that's using a huge amount of data mostly
know to the word miles but if you have
but if you have a huge amount of data then you're going to have many occurrences of similar phone
and then that's just a huge amount of training for it so it's
it so it's i think it has to be that because as you say this is this is near microphone it's really
microphone it's really pretty clean data
now some of it could be the fact that
let's see in the in these multi trained things did we include noisy data and
kind of numbers every getting m. t. i. digits it's
sonny actual t. i. digits database forgetting point eight percent
four i could easily see that difference coming from this huge amount of data that was trained so it's
that's exactly magical here it's we used to simply
it's we used to simply c. k. system with a modest amount of data and this is
and this is you know modern system
given the same yes ignoring it ignoring the that's my point
from just looking at t. i. did the tandem system
i mean it's even it's close miked still there really is background noise
the best because within your view instead of coming comes perhaps even but or something
so there's this bombing
the program is that it's very big in i think too where to put it in
did eighteen weeks somebody else is smaller
these fourteen and as you turn on

so there is one difference whether this you stand
whether this you stand the reason the duress our system that they're presented here are we adaptations of
adaptations of
we could do that but i'm saying even within not with that partner retrained
what's wrong what's the difference between ten digits and the digits and
given the same yes ignoring it ignoring that's my point
it was not i mean there's no attempt to have it be realistic any in any sense at all
again you know you hey that's true either way i said
it doesn't get too hot there i think that did you school
kind of things
and the the great advantage is that a lot of times secular wage demands don't don't over learn the problem that they have a limited

or not of the the best kind of number we have on the english on near microphone only is three or four percent
but i the main points the that because
but just train those h. m. choosing different features
different features coming from our so
because it's probably not the program snow noise because our future are supposed to be but no it's not the program
it's not the program if china because of their race norman reached respectively channels so
so much worse i but the fact that they resented it and them and or system so much worse
but having a huge if so
i mean that could be hurting us actually for the case like actually received
because this clean data

not digits just course but then
did anybody mention about whether it's this our system is is doing the digits other word is a word model as some phone states i it's
mature or back
and so that's not too surprising but
in here you had you know something like three point four i
which i find that interesting because i think this is closer to
i mean still read but
i still think it's much closer to two what people actually face they're dealing with people saying digits over the telephone
the telephone i don't think i mean

take i a somebody's going to do this right is to
and here we're getting three or four three that's the safest
point eight percent is something like double or triple what people who've gotten who've worked very hard at the man and
at the man and also as you point out there's adaptation in these numbers also
so if you know put the i'd edit take the adaptation off then it's for the english near you get something like two percent
so these i think on both systems these teachers are showing up it's harder
i don't know i think that they caught on

but he's doing with the same data right i mean so to do so it's
right i mean so to so there's there's two things that affected i mean one so it's
because they can eat listens pretty
i you the only thing with making recorder
she's quite learning to speak
and shared within the ideas about extending hilarious all work
that they have a limited number of parameters and they focus directly on some problems and so

that was kind of interesting as far as there are perhaps these making recorder that's it
that affected i mean one is that you know there's something simple that's wrong with the back and playing
of data this is a modest amount of data
it's going to eight percent
it's you know it's not awfully high but it's you

but what's would be interesting to see if least what perhaps
so i mean ordinarily you would say given that you have enough occurrences of the digits you can just train with digits rather than with you know
but the thing is if you have a huge you
high but it's you know it's time
i went to talk with mike jordan this week

numbers but i don't think that the companies that the telephone speech get anything like point four percent on their digits i'm i'm
me fronting people do phone up who don't have middle america accents
so that you should be before which means perhaps
and smooth s. a. t.'s famous too
thing way up timed it and that up with the message that

papers and trying to prove anything
perhaps the point is that we've been working on he's
he's we have but the good you deem the system
folk but yes everybody trilogy is the c. a. d. and take that they just want to parents today
and take that they just want to parents today don't want to fix the d. because thinking there is some direction teaching picture extraction give you a friend dropping

i mean clearly a very big queues for voice come from spent the slope and so
each feature is myself i don't know but
i we i would probably don't have enough competition to do simple to see sector something that initiative
and carry happiness
and so what happens is that add addition is are you b. t. two

right when i get this other door too
that was kind of interesting and the both that's it
effect mostly not to just for the actual training each man's whereas in this case we're just using it just can you commands
that's fine so they're so we have a couple a for special session

we're talking about today
a huge if you look at what commercial places do they use a huge amount of data this is a modest
so the three point four percent for this is
so i think they were lesser it's not controlled insulting

and given given that you could come up with some kind of an estimate how much is frequency entertainment's was explained those are my
smooth i think as you say it's not that smooth hair and so if
and so if he just subtract it off your harmonic stand something like this would end up with quite a bit lower energy and first fifteen hundred years or so and her
and her first killer too

for one thing it that you're supposed to difference between having a lot of training day to or not
we could do that but i'm saying even within see every country train some of the stand
and we put that on the server side it doesn't work because in the service

but to improve it
but he's with check to do
yes ignoring it ignoring the yesterday system from just looking

so that's a problem so we can
quite a basic perverse nature of reality
playing it i mean that was given a smooth i think as you say

when i designed the defenses which are thirty day from you sisters there was one sister we just sixty music can beauty and the other week and me succumb
mean it could just it that both the deaf sixty five sixties i think
sixties i think it's sixty five

didn't gain anything butchered that sixty five because
having to pay with nothing that telephone so but i mean to helpless boy somebody to see she has
you know think the nowhere ones

but the filters of call schools or
they done they do need to mix the b.
it's quite seemed

that's as a separate thing
so what you have of time i was just starting maybe fifty you could
you could do very rough thing to estimate that's to make which

some questions about sect or religion and so like later
so like later down the line when we come up with these feature detectors how do we every model the time series that happens
and we talked a little bit about fact royal h. a man's and how when you're doing your friends or when you're due recognition there's like simple maternity that you can do for these h. a man's and

compete she stemmons including unsupervised visitation
it's true and if you've done to the station error rate is fifty percent worse like

it's quite significant
but what but i think i'd be interested to do given that is the reason we should take i a somebody's

i don't know if he got to the point of playing with the number conscience yet
i mean i'm they wouldn't release the numbers but i don't think

that's always the same amount of data which is pretty small
and i'm the same system would get you know point three point four something i mean actual t. i. digits so these i think

it's it's orders of magnitude off
so but what i what they meant is that

given the same that's my point
it doesn't get too hot there i think that did you school

true either way i said take a look at thee this right resulting in much
right resulting in much better but so you

so it's u. s. has as many people
has as many people it's not that many different ways

but that's the assumption is that we'd be able to make a v. d. that's modem that works fine
but i don't think we need to be stuck on using our or what you guys did eighteen weeks

so he must be attorneys somewhat fixed but not compete so they just
return so they just would be some requirements that honesty and

didn't gain anything right
for this one senior this most suspect to look dying out there that did too

and then we start to work with always been i've always
next week i think we really perhaps by too is and you see standing with m. s. g. stream also

something that not doctor the proposing too but
need to mix the b. c. not it's mostly

i'm just that there's no use actually as a labeled so i don't know what this
what's the sexes d. c.'s and just ask says is he frame

just hide is voice platoon so that should be persons the peaks
so jazz up here you know put of the message

i know you want to get it something worth talking all from what you get with the smooth spectrum
what's the v. c. is that in some cases and carry

but if you weren't really trying to force and voiced you want to ignore that i mean do you
i mean do you i mean clearly

this would be perhaps in addition me
because it's indies symptoms korea

if it was noisy proportion that would go down
was who was on waste

pick out voiced segments
least should be

and it's significantly better in that using fairly simple friends on me with the s. system so i say i think that

states it's out a to

i think so because it's very do huge there your system

going to do this right is to take some of these tandem things and fifties into yasser system

mature or back down he's fairly simple but

back and playing number states

but so far he hasn't gotten any being pregnant but that's always the same

just using having the h. a man's much better h. immense

the h. a man's much better h. immense

perhaps it's not read it i'm on today tepid recording conditions and

i'm what is the problem that you're trying to explain

i but i'm almost certain that it has to do with the i'm on the same day it's

but but retrained on neon digits and two digit desk so

case because like actually received the king train or proposals so are better than the mystic

but it's a free i'd you know if they catch a train and on the me king recorder digits i we could that but the reason

but they mentioned that perhaps you kind of learn something what's

so i mean used to case there is you can't even so

it's not that surprising but to me

that surprising but to me it just meant practical point that if we want to publish results on digits that people pay attention to we probably should because we had a problem

because we had a problem before you get show some improvement then something that's seems like too large number and

and the people don't necessarily take it so

is it's interesting question though so why is

why is it three point four percent the digits recorded in this environment as opposed to he point eight percent for years and digits database

forgetting point eight percent which yes it's high it's you know it's

why is it four times as high

and i suspect when the t. i. digits were recorded if somebody fumble they said something wrong or something that they probably made them take it over

different did you teach it's very clean and like do you recall

he's making recorder digits sometimes read

so it's i think it's syndication it's harder

much better but so you getting something like one point three percent for things are same day isn't. i did just same thing taxed

we end up giving up on in your speech submissions that are

tivo and dan else or are submitting something but

no actually for the year we do have suffer

we do have suffer right because

right because we have enough extra month or something so

fine so they're so we have a couple little things and meeting recorder special session

and meeting recorder and you know it's a flight was papers and trying to prove

the system really makes a huge difference

i think it just perhaps one of the reason why our system is that not the best because within your

he you some day

work because in the service i teachers you your ideas idea but i

which means perhaps on that they're

what g. i. so it's been it's work trying it's been it's work with you a month and he'd to feed and you need ten

you need ten nine put frames compared to if you do that plus into propose on which very small amount to feed and any and she wearing

this is the one they had originally

but they have to get rid of it because of space

so that's a problem so we can

the other thing is you to use a different eighty entirely i mean

i don't know what the thinking when among the the see folk but

but they still want to just to get some re crime i'm from d. v. d. because

from d. v. d. because it's not be talking they don't want it to be talking to stand

but i was thinking that they may be some interaction but i don't think we need to

long as it did the job

id signed and you it or

so that means logically principals should be better so probably would be worse

so probably would be worse

that have to pay we

we that we phoned that's maybe what if i got to cook i mean today school and if i and bitching day and f. s. d. up at the scene on sundays smoke spectrum of tiny we asked that day and my feet they're bound

what it's monday so was is good

was is good for tennis beat she's quite

that neat we must have hot big studies dick we teammate

distant that i do

should be you went to something like expectations thing

i thought for one single for one frame

game then excel to they an only son on my son scene i just these

d. c. sit and as you know letting energy of the just picked a bit

not this is day of audience the deciding

of audience the deciding between day expect know if they seen s deals each frame of the senior

do speak d. c. ds to see none

there's two things on the same grass

which is clean which is

so it's harder you know what snowy sunday high to scream

so it's harder to distinguish the

just hide is voice platoon persons the peaks should be fun

is voice platoon the peaks should be fun

and it just the noise put

famous too to add to it picked

did you say something for a frame

and days spectrum they seem scene

these they smoke bishu the spectrum instead of and message they're bound

and this is the difference d. c.

do you know these no the dependencies

the dependencies it's nine to a dying with ed p. c. my just picked him but

him but using much that we'd go guy fucked up

it just another thing

wonder i mean do you want to

if i buy but you least into got used to do some boys frames and

they probably want to paint certainly going to do good voice actually need a few features each

i don't know but and people look at that so then first on a correlation coefficients

that initiative to you because have a and has to minute of what the

mean you could just do it going through the fifties figuring out some probable harmonic structure

these companies have a paper but this gets me just to be

say that they there's some program

so the problem

there is this fact that if you

that if you the kid this spectrum

and these kind

that the i'm more makes our resolve

this cannot be after messenger

for high pitched voice because that we was no frequency messy messengers sometimes even smaller them beach

so we were thinking too much decide to mess spectrum it's something that's smoked or

this is very into watches which are playing it i mean that

and so you can imagine five or so parallel features transitioning independently and then

and then that then you couple of peace fact really tremendous with i'm directed links these times this on some more data

so he seemed you seemed like really interested in

said that this is something very doable

