janice ministry you
there's everybody
what which and the fourth is
that's three languages that's including the with the this includes
so they're sort of building so and we was
see ban limited tenet gave you almost as good a result is using t. i. digits on the t. i. digits test
or i mean you have the same number parameters and then the wrong that you have
more at least one it seems like it might simply be a case that you have something is just much more diverse that you have
that you have the same number parameters representing
is using sixty four zoning from tampa
to be careful because the pumpkin ponder results i think
ponder results i think they got some really results in which you trained on one language untested on another he
this may be what i was asking before something but
so it's broader vocabulary
i think this is what you were saying the noise
noises in all these cases for the tree
so there's not a statistical system based trunks of statistically different no it's characteristic between the training attest and yet we're no you this same
so it appears that press spanish is that's very true street that in
and the noise is different and perhaps the noise are quite different from the noises in the speech at the time
if the future sound ups normalize it deters arnold's norma
so what we were thinking about the perhaps one way too so these programs drink reason number off but put something around that works
what context dependent funniness
be justice legitimate for hybrid systems so
and in fact but we know that
and in fact things get better context dependent versions that
ignoring the differences in context
almost but i mean it
almost but i mean it does give it just tradition
on because it's information that just discriminate
that's that's a very good question then
it what want to say p. speedy
space can just i'm much of what
before throwing out trunks of is
that i think he but by saying this is a tentative block a diagram i think means if you construct it this way just this delay would work out that way and then be
they clearly did actually remove silent sections in her because they
in her because they got these were there any results

she didn't train on timid contests on italian digits we no we did for what kind of testing and kitty
the first thing is with task daytime
the second test just trained on a single language but abroad database
the third test is my using so treating language database
so it's not so bad
and then when you jump dumbest eating glad date it's it's become worse and
person for you
person for you do society person for the
me that multi lingual is just the broad it right
so they're sort of building so and we was
and it's a mac one point three of the if
if you compare everything to the first cases baseline
same language we of shut the whole point eight
so we could prove compared to the business
me base i buy baseline here i meant using the task specific data i
using the task specific data but i
one point four security i
so u. s. figures what
though so that's thing you have circled here in the second column
so forty italian and the results are stranger
and we just no taste recently that approach that we are using what's not didn't do very good results when we use the streets futuristic
maybe put date dying out today t. d. on foot so you niece newbies fish that thing that we did chinese set

so we so i say was already said we mainly focused on what kind of future
so we net trained on that state that
you went to these so what's the difference between two and three
and one point one case in point four case i'm confused
now all of this is noisy t. i. digits i assume but
generous ties that terrorist out seems to perform better with i name is matched conditions but she sexy war is involved when much condition
of this is we're all sort of if we can take a look
at what you're calm asks some of my questions
sometimes actually depends on what the teachers are using
it's it's interesting to i mean we then

so i also copied the results that we all got an email i think from gee i
sort of so the upper part is training t. i. digits
sort of so the upper part is training t. i. digits it's it's gay results i mean so it's
and what the and that's gone on the networks that are used fool doing this
he'll be was online normalization and delta though so that's thing you
here or no we done into
i'm time that can take it
i don't understand the question yes and

but every time we choose spanish rich we assume close to italian the third
that so if we call a factor would just one just normalized to one they were air raid that you have for using t. i. digits as training auntie i did just as test
different words i'm but
and then the wrong that you have increased the size of the they're on that and
it's it sounds have to be careful because we have no
and we can't see any on the first line of the table that's it's actually slightly worse when we don't use that
is that we made about the assumption concerning the online on my station
anyway go ahead

so the ratio if our raids
so fine
let's use the commission me base i
just that yes there is a reduction in performance when you don't have this when you don't have
@reject@ sometime is that what's when we don't use that it's not that much
about but what is what is currently running that's that just filling in holes here or
it's just sort of sitting right on the the column online
so these out areas and but i we online on my and treat

so it's two times but inclusive i think
would you mind bringing in the room and making copies of this
so go ahead that right
but it's it sounds like but
in comparing different bed resells can be tricky but i
but i think it does suggest that it's not so much cross language is cross type of speech
we get the other thing i was asking though is that i think that in the case
that sixty one point four

much you know in general one yes so i also copied the results that we all got an email i think from gee i go to them also so where are we on our runs so we so i say was already said we mainly focused on what kind of future that the be the p. v. terrorist out the m. s. g. and and she from the byzantine or
women you have it here for the italian that's
of things you know once and that's get retrained so you have this problem out of it
band work and what combinations of things
that i mean we should return that to this o. g. i know
be one single gal to consume everything or
so that's something that you're you have untrained get better preparing to train

the from the front of the room pausing for
but activity we didn't train that welcome both types of state i mean
and then there were parts forty that and it's
i assumed that this was not important because previous results from down and show that both values you the same it's it press
how are we going do combine with what they've been focusing on
we have been doing any of the you know the a roster sort of thing
in the text they say that this is a tentative block bag of a possible configuration we could think of

it's the broad and the fourth
no actually it's interesting so it's so
the what was it was this number forty or
who was roughly the same as this one you said when you had to choose
when you had to choose language versus the three language for that's what he was saying
what's that what this or this table that we're looking at is show is all testing for t. i. digits or have one

it doesn't seem to matter the difference
seem to matter the difference between train four's not particularly great so that means
what would it be with jared that we describe the same
@reject@ sometime is that what's not that much
multi french multi stan so it's so the french the spanish and english
so i think what time what i saw and they're smaller chart that i was thinking of was it was there were some numbers i saw i think that included these multiple languages and

it press true k. digits but platoon italian the
second thing is to unionization us and like
and too bad did something to friends
that it she initialized that something to me and owns like computing these owned ninety five first frames a future terrorists
there where all them i know difference is the fact that
and that she used to see hero instead of like energy

about how much worse and around let's see any person twenty persons person aren't there
there it's moving the task specific training and it's adding other languages
multi french multi sometime is that what's m. s. n. and destiny so
old one so it's we'd always order yet
one so it's using all the that's for that but again we have yet but

that's important so what it's saying here is just that yes there is
like eighty eight and am it to say that imitating one that i've trained on future we south and there is tapes
and it and i was seeing that it got worse i think i was always
and they although they don't talk about it in this note
that sort of sounds like they're not doing that

the brining my state is what you got this one point one so that's ten
but i think that given the pressure time we probably want to draw some because of that especially want to draw some conclusions from this some reductions
we e. in work so the idea of using both futures come net books
or or know from dave
i mean not uniformly

but when you add in more trained dated keeping around the same size it performs worse on the t. i. digits
is that a noisy condition
this note there's the issue of the new law business versus log rhythm
trunks of is that the media filters enforcing that it's not going to be single cases of science i friends just
just out frames and

but wasn't there something that you did where you trained on one language and tested on another me
thing on you probably must have this lined up to do try
lined up to do try the same but exact same training do testing on the other languages
if we trained and that's works on english and part specific task
so there's a question of whether you would right with you would transform together or just one i want to try it both none no

this will be a good section for our silence detection
there's everybody
that still noisy
son training they had a time

you mean if it's trained only on and data from results are all seem you know only on
you mean if it's trained only on and data from just that path that language only on just the task
fun because then you would say that in that this phone in this context is the one but the same phone in a slightly different context zero but but
that would be even more distinctive binary decision i actually would have thought but if

i'm kind of i'm i me that did that we are
i'm kind of i'm i me that did that we are
but training test
in going to a different language

but because that's what you were just doing with this ten percent so i was just
so it's so when you go to a different task is actually not so different it's when
and the noise is different and perhaps the noise are
and ask them to talk to put one that's one side of the for frost partake of funny my once i have the boundaries decision in every in

the only difference is that it's not getting
great so that means that whether you have the language in or not it's not such a big deal
son training and always septic how they had a time
training we did think that self each

i've a suggestion actually
a suggestion actually know the last slightly would you mind bringing
i mean that's interesting because it
it's just a word aerate racial

because it seems like what it's saying it's not so much that you got hurt because you didn't have so much representation of english because
because the other case you don't get her any more at least
so this would from this you would say it doesn't really matter if we put finish into the training of general that if there's going to be you know finishing the test
that's what it is but i don't know how that's different

mean you haven't done all your tests and all the languages
i thought you should or something like that last week you had a you
are we going to look at any combinations of things you know once and
but again we have the hope it's we have a hope that it maybe it's some making too much difference but we guys maybe

but it's not the king case it's a
and make some strong decisions for what we're going to do testing on for next week so dude
so dude great we did you have something going on the side with multi band this or no
or from dave b. s. b. on ninety

so you have more information your features so
it's easy formation shred of on because it's
with you would transform together or just one
i want to try it both ways that's interesting

and we think that with this approach perhaps we could read use a number of what puts it in your the tour
and that's right that's i mean it just we just changing their they boast to train that's with fewer out outputs maybe to working
we just changing their they boast maybe to working
and which i show that this distinction between this speech in silence because

and then something that combine both and
do the source and so your that's or you know it's i mean that's you have and that's foremost we'd and that's i mean
definitely pass so by the way
fifty did i interrupt you were there other things that

kind of future that the be
so that's important so what
parts to upper parts for k. digits

and also on the brode english french and spanish database
so there's servers and potatoes for dependent approach and
and i tell you what you typical surveys that it's just networks strain on that's it though it works but the

so what how i mean clearly it's going to be good then but the question is how
or the other way around something like that
but we've done a bunch of things we're just trying to one language right

have broadband i mean my son what i saw
son what i saw the early results i last week was that if you train them one language and testing on other say that the results were relatively poor
i see is there any difference in

i know the numbers army i'm just
she didn't train on timid contests on italian digits did not do we no we did
that there's a difference security would between it being generous ties that

the three language is not digits it's the broad
already right there but the first step is or if you're moving to specific from
right there moving to specific from

so and the fourth just excluding from these three languages that english it's that asking creature
so ferraro gidget franks example
they had but on the other hand maybe they can get by with a smaller that and maybe

the they're on that and maybe there's just down and complexity to it represents the very been increased very ability and the training so
describe the same and see with a slight increase of p. r. a. rates would go to commit and then
and then it's gets get with them and getting

if we can take a look at it while we're talking i think the
so go ahead the i'll sing a song or dance or something like that right
if you're very fine categories is very but they think perhaps

what was it that you had done last week when you should do you remember
what when you showed me the table last week it's part of
table last week it's part of this recent

and then so and they non mismatch clean case your best one was under and that c. c.
m. s. g. but they come in at the moment
so there's a question of whether you would none no

classes and was somewhat pry means twenty seven
pry means twenty seven this is sixty four
and you have the original features which

space fine asti just i'm much of what they did defense
fine asti what they did defense between hasty and basing over
because this baseline or above it

and it's this is mostly better than baseline although
than baseline although in some cases a little worse so especially that appears twice
it's the same point we were at when we were up in oregon i think it's see hero using his instead of sucking edgy

many times you know
i know we have a big thing that me out too rejected

did you fix something unprecedented hello what because it
did you fix something unprecedented hello what because it

hello don't maybe a turning austin turning
hello don't maybe a turning austin turning on the mike

ten five
written on her she definitely like for mice

that the be the p. v. terrorist out the m. s. g. and and she from the byzantine or
just train one night

we've trained to surrounding around it works on
supper third so

so you were saying about the training data
right and if it's it's around one point one

so for italian on the time in speech
the one that this includes

it's adding other languages
so you trained on one type of digits untested another wasn't there something

you get something like one point one frizzy using the same language but a different tasking something like one point three
something like one point three four three languages broad no

one point four more security
because there's press one important thing that brings and which i show

producing around one point four
and if you exclude english in this combination with that

it's two times
i think it's the same point we were at when we were up in oregon i think it's

so that's ten that right
so it's been limited tenet

can alert sampling right
so you us more information and

it sounds like we may need to have more of things that are similar to a target language or i mean
so u. s. tool parts to

the training so that could be
so u. s. tool

let me check
b. s. b. on ninety josh from down there

for he removed english right that's what he was saying
tampa

me no mixture justin
then you s. m. s. and andy which are

but we've done a bunch of things
right when matched matched condition

i do we but from the birthday
did you do different languages from this but i mean does

the first four o. c. sweat matched on this
matched on this sickened group of four she's mismatch in

which are for french spanish and english
the way we do we now is that we have in your on it's working

i think i was always forget some very limited
forget some very limited results then at that point which showed

so that was cross language and
and the result was quite poor what

so the some kind of a an effect from having these this broader coverage
i what we should do i doing with this is try a testing nissan the same sort of thing on you

in what out there before they can talk i mean the
two seven broadcasts

i mean the but networks talk trained with from or two digits and that's true
so that's match training is that what

and that's the the third section in the upper part under guilty j. roster for
and my first thing you said that's so you it

so why do you get your best number so training and that's and different
from this some reductions and what we're looking at

it's a kids but
kids but training and that's on the same

so if you look at and that's on the table the first row we take you six hundred and forth tree and seventy five
frame but he to me now

correct but still the networks are very good
i mean for instance the thing i was argue for before but again which i don't think we have time to try something in which you would not if the code so you could train to have several outputs on you circulatory features

so you it regression part
so and that's more quickly

i changed the code
size slave word but connected

the friend goes i don't think sexy and he said i the same way she does
it's and it is true that if there's two phones that are very similar that the it may prefer one but it will give a reasonably high value to the other two

so what they expect is that these numbers the a big go down but perhaps
person that would go that would be much broader recover many different situations

i we tend to stop this subject
in every in went for another fundamental aside am

so for that reason when you in a hybrid system when you incorporate context one or another you do get better scores
but i it's it's a big deal to get that

nobody would still be even more of a binary decision you be more
you be more fun because

i actually would have thought you'd going to go the other way have fewer classes but if
so i think you know we need to choose that just experience carefully so

you know what are we doing four or five days
and so we have to be concerned with

it are we going to look multi band work and what
what something using piece of articulation sweeps

what questions are going to ask now
with certain you've got that's retrain

our there is an h. u. k. trainings to see that i'm
to see that i'm trying d. h. d. gateways ed b. n. b. twenty five ninety that is done i miss his chest too but it's

m. s. g. and guilty and
and is this with the revised online normalization we'd

if you say if you have a place characteristic in a manner characteristic how do you
could be including the features including the teachers

one that it's one that's with thirty seven up what's and
sues everybody other way of what you were saying a better going says

because what i be the effect that tough tomb reducing too much information is basic what happens in
do you think if you include that plus the other features but because

no i can fix
if awesome

this house so they just trained up and that's which is two outputs i believe
i asked he make whether i

the other me this competition and managed to having a separate that anyway
so they're yourself a pretty good

but they said the question was do she sized
how i've trying day that be think that

in new york and earlier experiments they had taken l. d. a from a completely different database right
because maybe you did say situation god they know then that's that tiny anyway they

was looking at it was mostly thinking about the v. a. d.
but i don't know how that's different from

they're you know so what they're doing here is if you look at block
but that if you look at block diagram they estimate they get it that they get an estimate of whether it's the future silence

so i mean in that in the decoding you're saying we were going to go from here to here i
i think they're they're treating it you know like

i think what i mean by that is they're trying to come up with any block diagram that's plausible for the standard
certainly be tricky about it and try in transmitting voice and for listening to is that these kinds of things cut speech off a lot and

so i we are going to do the digits it and

written on her she definitely but channel that's the like mike number five and channel four like for o. caught mice that's

written on her she definitely mike number five like for o. caught mice that's

and general too i think

on genomic much you know in general to

gee i go to them also

so where are we on our runs

and refocus afforded the test box on english patient eat at him

so on the two digits english and it's and they tell

how about the our disaster pausing for a photo try to acquire

how about the from the front of the room for a photo

pausing for a photo opportunity

let me give you a black screen

so it's been a truck a strain on the task picked down tend them more but see what

and kitty we have results are all

of state i mean if you could fight to keep

you could fight to keep balanced d'etat that's good

we don't need it either and s. asked it or protein

but the question is how much worse is it if you have broadband i

but the question is if you train on one language but you have a broad coverage and then test in another is that improve things in comparison

we use the same language

to so if you train on t. i. digits untested italian digits you do

i know the numbers army i'm just imagining she didn't train on but i did not do we

but the same language that though but every

what which and that's three languages that's including and the fourth is

example when we go from it just training to make training we was around ten percent

really cara rate increases ten percent or in the case

so it's the combination of two things there it's

so when he strained owned the mitigating glad broad based our number so the

if our raids with base i never rate is around one point one so

i'm i meant something different but baseline so let me we are

ten percent so i was just i just kind of understand that so if we call

but the same task and so

on call that one what you're saying is that the word air rate for the same language but using different training dated and you testing on see tim and so forth one point one

you do go to three languages including english it's something like one point three

so it's an additional thirty percent producing around

if we exclude english there is not much difference with date that we think

i think just that's interesting p. see because

so different it's when you went to these so

because in both of those cases you don't have the same task

both in both of those cases you

so is the training data for the for this one point four case

does it include the training day data for the one point one case

how much bigger is it

it's two times like kitty

but english they no devastating glad databases are two times it brooding dish naked

just wanted to keep the two huge so

but inclusive would include surprising i think so too

can alert sampling right

we may just need to so

so i mean it's interesting that they had going to different task didn't seem to hurt us that much in going to a different

it sounds like

so these results with that pictures driving now that are pretty similar for the different teachers or

if we can take a look at it while we're talking i think the

i wonder were all three of these net using the same output this multi language labeling but it's it sounds like i mean that's interesting because it seems like what it's saying it's not so much that you got hurt because you didn't have so much representation of english because the other case you don't get her any more at least one it seems like it might simply be a case that you have something is just much more diverse that you have the same number parameters representing but

i wonder were all three of these net using the same output this multi

this multi language labeling is using

be careful because we have no a good result yet

you know you do have to be careful because the pumpkin

on another he didn't have three that you just had one language so you trained on

of that re say trained on smashing tested on t. i. digits or the other way around

there was something like that they showed me last week

we never just train one night

did you do different this but i mean does

did you do different languages from digits does

digits on another language you mean training digits i think wage in using the nets to recognize him yet

digits on another language him yet

week you had a little

so i mean what's that what this used immersed or we should have one

k. digits and if i did

and if i did entry rose before four o. c. h.

in i need me snatched and then

i mean so it's good training testings with different kind of features and what the

so where is the baseline for the t. i. digits located in here

you mean the h. t. kid or i. nine

it's the one hundred number it's

it's what all these numbers are the ratio with respect to the base

this is word the base

this is word rare rachel so high numbers that

so high numbers that

so seventy point two means that richard or it's and like there's that person

that person

so if we take

and multi english refers to what do

but with increased frame numbers

which showed having in these other languages in fact it might have

in fact it might have been just this last category having two languages broad that were english was removed

what i we hadn't seen yet was that if you had in english it's still before

now what's the noise condition of the training data i think this

is what you were saying the noise condition is the same it's the same

aurora noises in all these cases for the tree

the training attest and yet we're no you this same

and yet we're seeing some kind of effect i think that they saw the first

seeing some kind of effect i think that they saw the first what the when matched matched

right so so forty

because amusing using and then that's working on you know spanish it's your or it just almost twice visiting all right

she's thing that when you train in english and test on

you don't have training recession that there is another difference

recession in that there is another difference is that the noise out there

do we have any tests that's any other language that have the same noise as in

kind of something real quick in

in the upper part the english it looks like the very best number is sixty point nine

roster for the middle column

no that the pot so it's

so it's i knew me smashed

so why do you get your best number and that's and different

when you get your best number in the clean case it's

case it's relative to baseline matching

so these are not all right i see matching

so the supper third so

so it's always noisy

i think this will take some looking at thinking about but what

no we done into physicals but

physicals but i could eat there's something important is

he's out to recess we append for that young we've strayed the future us using all my nomination

and but what's in the table and just at that that get beat us online on my mission calm so the number

worth that seventy nine so the number seventy nine fifty four and forty two the results thing by plenty about the is online on my are online i my edition approach

that seventy nine

and treat teachers to educate them

them the prehistory so seventy six and so on are we our future straightedge kids so

kids so what you see that is there is that the way we were doing this was that's correct but

so do you know what was wrong with the online normalization when we using that networks on number are but are that's the beverages

so do you know what was wrong with the online normalization or the beverages

they was if they were different things and

i use to point five percent which to close to you and the programs here

and but the values five person so

like jodie what we where doing just to start the regression from the beginning of fifty rounds

and using echinacea a i use that oz go about i mean in torrance measured across the world database

is the fact that she's fifteen d. c. instead of thirteen

but the main difference consumes the readers so

see i see the friend goes

actually i stocked i don't too and fifty can decide to five frames before computing i mean and the variance three two to stunned regression

i use online scheme

and only started precursor to that insight into his frame but

so i retrained and that works with these

but like the networks are retraining with these you teachers

because i think and you're on the torso and perhaps

so dude great we did

subject anyway discuss but these

what we could do morrison's researching

researching we were thinking perhaps that the way we use it and them is not

when there's basic you going and the because

the because we train the networks if we trained and that's works

what we ask is to the networks to put the ball and the decision bond every somewhere in space

am so there's kind of reduction of the information there that's correct because if we

because if we change back and if the funniness on it in the same context and in your task just eat decision boundaries on up should not be at the same place

but the way the future i the way the network if the features is that it's creatures company did it's removed companies information how about some information from the teachers basing the decision boundary stepped up to my place for one kind of state that but it's

that's but it's not the case so another kind of did

something like you funniness within context what

maybe i mean i think you could make the same argument be justice legitimate

but you it's something different we went to future

we went to future is

but it's still true that what you're doing is you're ignoring

you're ignoring you're coming

you're coming up with something to represent whether it's distribution pro distribution of our futures

coming up with a sitter variables that are representing things that very over context

and you're putting it all together

that's true the hybrid system true for

true for tennis

and once you the other thing is that what she represents start repeating more context it is much more specific two particular tasking language

so the acoustics associated with particular context christmas you may

christmas you may have some kind of context that won't never occur and one language and walker frequently now there's a crazy

issue getting enough training for a particular kind of context becomes harder

we already actually don't have a huge amount of training did

dimension internet working train almost to give binary decisions

and binary decisions about funny

so it's almost binary decision some

nobody would still decision some the idea of using more classes is to get something that's less binary decision

you're right but u. s. more classes so you

put cereal sector

it's supposed to you know to discriminate amongst funniness in context

to i mean we could disagree about it links but the

it links but the real thing is if you're interested in and you probably try it and

try it and pull see

but is i'm more concerned with now at the operational level is you know what are

what is going on right now with certain you've got

combination i see a combination it

but again we have the hope it's but we guys

so there's this combination working in

working in of

i we stopped working mostly down and

so get simpler networks because we the teachers

because we the teachers

so we have come up with different kind of broke funny he get bigger race

and we we have three types of brodsman that's just

sweeps which leads to nine i think broadcast this

another which basin manner which

which each something so we like nine kassy's

both and me have pennies twenty five

so what you like back fellows from the fellows

do the source and so your

mean that's you have foremost

but i didn't understand and then

the software currently just has a laws for i think the one hot i'll put so you're having multiple

so you're having multiple that's and combining them or

how are you coming up with

it's like spend on that like if you were texas

could be including the features i don't including the teachers

i don't think this would work i don't

i think it's going to get worse because

these nets are trained on what concur condition i mean do

condition i mean do they both are thing and can speech and we had a after

but perhaps something intermediary you single so some protests could bring some much more information

so again we have these broad classes and

then just remind me all of that goes into that all that is transformed by k. jail or something

i see so there's a question you none no

yes i think he nickleby here monday

so that we can get key questions answered before then and these

and these other ones side even if it's the same complete tables someplace

it's really time to and to choose

did i interrupt you were there other things that

you were there other things that you wanted to

so something i asked so they're

something i asked so they're doing the v. a. d. i

the v. a. d. i they mean voice activity section so that against this house so they

haven't talked to chanel i

haven't talked to chanel i whether they compare that to just taking and that's we already had and something up abilities

to get the speech joystick detection or else just using the silence if there's only one silence output

and maybe sometimes you don't run the other me this competition

hey there's an example or two that you can find where made it slightly worse but in all but a couple examples

the question and the n. b. a. feet that need some trying set to a thing to fit that maybe

yes and so something and d. a. feet that need i said if i said just i don't think the fact that

very good question then now that i understand it's you know where

it's you know where does the all day come from in new york and

but i to tell you the truth i wasn't actually looking at the l. d. so much when i was looking at it was

a little worse that's what it is so especially that appears twice female my thirteen

of sucking edgy these

they seem here that the v. a. d. is not used as an additional featured does and they know how

silence and the media filter of it

and so they're trying to find stretches the meeting filters

the meeting filters and forcing and it's having some continuity

you find stretches where the combination of the frame y. c. a. d. and the media filter say that to stretch silence

and then it's going through and destroying the day that way

i don't they're saying i mean it's throwing out frames

that's what out frames and the thing is what i don't understand is how they're doing is a d. h. d. k. yes

that's what i was going to ask how can yes

i was going to ask how can just throw up

it stretches again single friends

again single friends i think be pretty hard to

i think be pretty hard to say speech starts here speech ends there

you can removed the frames from the future if i

but connected you know the that

no they have numbers though right so

safe i mean from the point of view of reducing the number of that you have to transmit it's not a bad idea to use accents anyway

idea to use accents anyway

i'm just wondering what exactly did they do up in this people if it wasn't

plus it's going to introduce delays

does introduce delays but they're claiming that

but they're claiming that it's within the boundaries of and

and the l. d. a. introduces delays and what

delays and what he's suggesting this is a parallel path so that it doesn't

so that it doesn't introduce any more delay

it introduces hundred millisecond delay but the

delay but the same time the l. d. a down here

what's the uncertainty l. d. a. n. s. temple inspect spectacle

n. s. temple inspect spectacle

so it's the temper l. d. a. does in fact include the same so

so i think that it's to do that in this because in fact

in this because in fact it's going to give a better word air result and

