function the blue but i think for the controller

control and that also suggested that we we only used a remote control to control the television not v. c. r. d. v. c. or anything else having
and i think that you were saying about televising the control of maybe

but in a day we don't look at the technology but we look at the function first

ones got on the basic functions but
but i think the basic functions the logica transmitter and the receiver and

say you've got half an hour for this one and two discuss the the functional design all ready
just be technical functions design
like design the basics i think
i you have or have a design as a basic so

new more so we do we need to consider that in the functionality of the remote control and
you know you get a lot of remote controls we kind of thing open and that's
required i mean there's no when it is gonna buy a remote control these days so if you can't actually individually select house mean where anybody disagree
and overall define remote controls to be something they don't doesn't really appeal to them so i think we're
is installing new remote control something that people
now at currently we do have access to all the tech cutting edge technology remote control so i don't

and it you think maybe that's the only kind of essential requirements and then maybe
it's always kind of top to the device you ideally want them to hold it to them it you may not require
maybe make it kind of ergonomic kind of to hold in those

i think a year you may be kind of thinking what we have so you have to have on what would be
that's like we're kind of weird sort of getting in two years meeting different design features together today
that and something maybe kind of quirky in design maybe make it

one way i look at this would be that we approach the different controls in terms of like control type so that for the user
control so that doesn't just look like a big panel kinda like

any kind of like display controls that or do you think we need to worry about you know brightness
so maybe we need to think about having three or more groupings a controls you know
a controls you know like one which are just to be a bit role ones that should be right within your natural group and others

so if you wanna cripple the different kind of types of functions together you know that's

functions but it's in size is the e. d. parties one and
and this is very have to access it down functions there's nothing
do we have any functions them but one on i mean so far
i don't know maybe just at this point decide on what we must have it as a function of this
at idiap function f. eight
a it's something that can be used to fulfil function but in
that sense but i mean these a functioning you know the base what
think we should maybe you wanna go back to what the functions are i think
it says optional functions

so what's gonna keep it simple and all this control the t. v. and the other thing
they tend to use the most simple controls and overall

right is that were you were kind of like sorting
were kind of like sorting that are we actually eliminating things we just don't want product

it's not a way but teletext only control the t. v. and and incorporate the colour and slogan of the company
as we'll see later vast majority would spend more money for slightly more intuitive controls such as voice recognition i'm gonna we'll
most people use only of it's very slim portion of all the controls so
at this is our controller is it have the option of being a standard frequency is all of the other equipment so that the one controller
so that the one controller can control several pieces of it but
the control but unless the control is gonna consume a lot of batteries like he's
what i might be a bit worried that is if someone was i had previously the top habits are expecting to control surround sound at this and that with the controller and then they you know we they get a resident it's doesn't have that i don't have to be problem
all the video control you know

