and of time for my favourite animal
because of the weekly phone phillies whatever have a good time
moving on
in order to make a profit of this magnitude we need to be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty euro so we're selling it
so we're selling it for twice what would like to produce it or
that "'cause" if like to end up to multimedia overload it just wanna watch
with the cost some sort
various things i don't know how to work half of them
i think there's a way around that but
that but i know it in my residence right now the television you should have to walk all around the room together to turn on so it's just simple
on so it's just simple are just to just run on the t. v. itself and i think that's

at we're creating a new remote control which we have three goals about it needs to be original
whiskers
you really like what features that you don't like et cetera so
i've used that these remote controls things like t. v. and the c. d. player and video recorder and
to solve complicated supply and
supply and i really wanna do is switch on and off change the channel
what's important for me i is that it's easy to use and
and that there's not too many buttons are not too small

which will be on for so do individual work into a meeting
into a meeting conceptual
conceptual design individual work and a meeting and then the
and then the detailed design individual work and a meeting so they want you to
and because this is such this is for television at the with the market range of the internet like it's in international market range we do have to worry
and also evidence attended a bit confusing they've
a bit confusing they've got too many buttons on them
i mean if this device is just to be used for the television

we're gonna do a little tool training so
training so we're gonna work that whiteboard behind
upon have an artistic talents
how you sell your name
they can split they can they very adaptable
so just go round table
and i'm the user interface designer for the project
and also the kind of mysterious like

as we only have twenty five minutes
but also we could use like a lithium battery
as you can we need a special functions occasionally
that silly on them that normal remote
good question

and collaborating
i don't know which one of these i have to bring with me
right so and so's to draw my
my name is we not pretending a
that it's fun and interesting animal

introduce yourself say
say one thing about yourself and then try your favourite animal
i like the whole have in the shelf thing it's
to carry everything they need with
range we do have to worry about specifics

i'll draw a little turtle for you all not necessarily
i have no i'm a very old
that would last longer than like double a. is
a. is like that does of the batteries they're used in a lot of a bit three players now on a kind of thing
so like you have to have some work as you can we need a special

i'm rose and project manager from california
it definitely is in the beginning harder wondered do and
with a couple of i would like to sell
i would like to sell it for about twenty five euro with a profit aim of fifty million euro from our sales and because this is
remotes together and then on off a necessarily like that "'cause" if like to end

my name is rose and then i'll be the project manager
i'll be the project manager
write across a little bit off
have a like a little groups that

first of all our project aim at we're
so we're gonna define this up in the three compact three parts first the functional design
first the functional design which will be
like you so you don't like having all the buttons on one remote and you don't wanna have

favourite animal i have no drawing skills whatsoever but
and i i'm the industrial designer on this project so let's see
is that at least identify what
that's pretty impressive

so they want you to be doing our own ideas men coming together
and things like that like either some remotes that i don't know where like batteries are to war
are to war much or brothers

not necessarily "'cause" it's i have a solution favourite animal but is
my name's a in a
and if if you'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you would need to use every day

you have a pretty little show don't know
you go to trial
or what your favourite characteristics

that's impressive
i agree with having too many remotes around my
and one thing i particularly like is if you're not street moving it around to get it to work with the infrared

everybody i'm glad you get a common really set aside
really set aside esteem said

a i'm from the state of maine in the u. s. and doing
quite tech rid of animals they can split they can

right track to me
and we're gonna keep keep see sort of thing going on that animal

i give it a little bit of snout had no teeth
so i really enjoy there was thinking in a really beautiful

dear yes i have it on
it at a project finance is

get up and walk across something to change the channel so especially if you're
so especially if you're someone really lazy like mean the print outs

recorder or programme it's other things that i'm not a coherent about that just has
that just has your major buttons for that work for everything you know volume control on off

so maybe have like one remote that has the main function of the on off channel changing volume and at the right remote with all the special things because that
because that is one thing that on remotes ten to have buttons that the t. v.s no longer have as so like you have

good morning everybody

said i have a powerpoint presentation for us for the kick-off meeting my

card and this is a is we're gonna do a little opening and then

opening and then i'm gonna talk a little bit about the project bob of into a quaint

bob of into a quaint and so just going to know each other little bit including a tool training exercise a normal the

a normal the to the project plan to little discussion

to little discussion in close

about it needs to be original trendy and user-friendly i'm

i'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those

we're gonna get snow it a little bit sell

sell we're

we're gonna do is start off with let's start off with the me now

and then try your favourite animal what else about it

and so's to draw my favourite animal i have

but alessi introduce myself my name is

in the u. s. and doing a show some studies

here i'll draw a little

animal but is that i think the trouble

it's quite care your home around or you go

they very adaptable to carry

and they're easy to draw

excellent so just go round

you can erase

you can erase that it'll right

might be to have them all at the same time

i'm not gonna draw it quite a scare

there are three

and there is no like this "'cause" that but that's all the quite intelligent

much about them all on the stand have a like a little

right and jesse

around d. c. h. sort of anywhere

i think you the water or how

i have no idea how one would explain

it supposed to be a feel

you can imagine dunno why they're i like that

have a good time

i can try to jamaica can get any better than

i was actually heavily let's see

i have it on and a very aggressive and open space and off and we have these

we have these whole time so

thinking in a really beautiful animal person

moving on to slightly more serious

just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project it could have like to you by your experiences using rubber remote controls your first

your first ideas about creating a new remote control would be the best

would be the best the way you would have the features that you really like what features

when there's like where some buttons and you have to pass to actually turn on the t. v. that you have

on the t. v. that you have to do one for the power the t. v. in like

the t. v. in like another one to get actual screen and

and many of them are going to an hour now

going to an hour now we keep combining all different remotes together and

it just wanna watch the t. v.

some sort of like device to help you find that

and i that pretty neat little tools you don't have to

you don't have to get up and walk

a fine then they can

a fine then they can be a bit annoying especially

especially like i know if i'm watching t. v. i have a we separate remote controls of in front of me and one for the t. v. one for the digital box one for the video recorder as

remotes around my dad has a whole drawer at home of remotes for various things i

buttons are not too small you

you know me needing to know what you're doing

and i think that's if we're gonna make a remote control it should actually work for what it's doing

i like batteries and things like that like either

they seem to have a little bit of a complex over did combining all the remotes can together versus having if by different remotes so

and you don't wanna have five remotes so how do

so how do we work with that

doesn't have all the buttons that you need to programme the video recorder or

maybe that's spatial e. divides it so it's like if

it so it's like if you look if you're trying to get the t. v. on that note that happen on the remote a number of a beep or a corporate so now in terms of how we're gonna make it but if it's like all the t. v. set is here then all

is here then all these years of as you're all the

all the whatever else you know programmed into it's all just in a separate place and not like all the on button see a doctor

on button see a doctor know like i mean minimum trained on

i ask are we are designing a remote control for television and me

