my main goal here is to the envision the remote control in this context and
and the means we do need to make some decisions about what keys or buttons on the remote control to perhaps keep them and what ones to discard and
but they want this remote control that only be for t. v. with
i think they most important thing is an attractive streamlined remote control and
these are two models of existing remote controls
the one on the left it seems to be a fairly standard universal remote control it has fast
and all that only necessarily by t. v. remote controls because
i wouldn't know how to do it using a remote control so

but we could go back to the pictures of the "'cause" the pictures of the remote controls
let's go back to what the basic function of a remote control is it

which has also a play stop and pause a minute do think we need
minute do think we need them at all

and i presume we can mess and functions related to the video or d. v. d. remote control if this is only gonna be a your satellite cable t. v. remote control so
which is more what you'd expect from a you know like a sky or cable remote control where you've got hundreds

some of the research in a in the market has shown that people really are not happy with remote controls as they are now and
we only we've got to persuade people you've got a remote control "'cause" you came with the telly that they should buy our product instead

and we have to make some on decision on what functions that will have
the other thing if we're supposed to do is make decision one our functions are functions
we didn't come to any sort of decision on the functions though

one of the biggest issues i thought about from last meeting was the fact that we need to sell four million of these remote controls and
i think we can and i think we can really focus on this remote and again
element which is if every time it and using the remote you put it on a charger then you then it has a place
definitely "'cause" i'm thinking in terms of the los and breakage of remotes how much that is
we sell to the manufacturer as remote it goes with it

and i think that this is an opportunity to really take real reaction in the direction of similar of hand-held schools and then use and are used by many of us and that kind of bring the remote control into the site same round as an accessible useful a product device as opposed to something that is lost in the couch and what have you so
and if we devote some energy into this i think the recent productions of real reaction me i go everywhere power and the high definition t. v. d. players although it makes immediate sense to have our remote control interact with these i think we can also use
again most users really dislike the current look-and-feel of remote controls
and if we think about this there are a lot of television t. v. d. c. a real remote control users out there a percent
out there a percent would spend more money on a remote control it looks fancy

i taped to the minutes from the first meeting in a shot them to
for the minutes of the first meeting
and i'll put some minutes of this meeting together on

she said we didn't need to screw it in
i think she said we don't need to screw it in just

these market research questionnaires looked into it you're a real concern about technology and
where as years point it's attempting to manage to use a super entertainment system with something that looks like a small tray you know it's
my method was to look at the existing remotes and all functions they have and
but i think we should be looking more along the lines of the one on the right which has
of what does it look like what are the buttons
like what are the buttons look like on
and the dark could look very fancy and
and that could be your inspiration of having a look and decent
much that we've been looking for the younger and

and what we all need to discuss is whether we want these functions pretty much the same as for existing remotes have if we can build on this with the speech recognition that's not something
but that i do think we need to discuss this p. h. recognition possibility
speech use the which is pretty much the same as this existing models just maybe

we need to move this who wants to go for
definitely needs at a lot more research on
i think first off i do agree with what is sarah has defined as a your personal preferences i think we need up a more streamlined volume where you know extraneous functions
and then we need sending mechanism to send it to the receiver now i
idea but i'm not convinced we can put it into this box for the price what we need to do need to hit
you'd ever need a battery is really
an apartment the more we need to go for the manufacturers

and eighty percent of users and if we think
which i think it's more in the user a range was
from a are just user from the website

and to be extraordinarily reduction last power channel volume and everything else is up to the designers
and also has seems to have channel up and channel dying which
control where you've got hundreds of channels instead of a nearly terrestrial one
i think we just needs channel selection volume up volume down and
are functions we've so for decided to i think that to power channel volume make it attractive
definitely channel volume power

