user interface designer i'm concerned
that so people want stay
many buttons and as much point out only ten percent fifty percent of people only use ten percent of the buttons so i think what we
and i just there's no i've read any research and how many people can whistle on
your remote like people microphone on it and any noise
and on for some me all i had to work on ones are corporate archives of the great product it maybe for which include
i more realistically then we need a product that's got some kind an f. t. outer casing cheap plastic
the canonical user interface for this to be just a bunch of buttons but
and i see the transmission interface is just an engineering thing i regret that
as can see that the remote control have parts and the sports book like that and
you know it's got operating procedure that looks something like that
can do or covered have to say that the remote
remote it's only for the television which i'm presuming
and then instead of colours and sort of colour options they want corporate colour and slogan some higher implemented the new design
corporate colour
everything all the sort of you know the corporate website and everything's yellow
and the logo and so the slogan we put fashion in electronics
we had as listed options we hand
we also want to limit the number of buttons so
some information about that about it and
or whatever i think maybe that's a bit go that far but you know
speech recognition i take it
maybe not even all week as we said

as we have decided in the last meeting that i have to find out so
it was function i want to go
what was the question for us as be coming and
we can look at does that factor also so yes
and you know to have any much technical know let's do see at the mall how to operate these remote controls but is it
but is it also it may be a major factor to load take into consideration when i was a profit sense it's so
function f. eight
and f. five inescapably a bike and just the and left button for a fancy
f. five
or some sort of voice
have the north know products than that you speech recognition whale
there was the remote control they cannot to use go they had a some basic speech recognition on it you could program
to it or if it's done

and make can do more like kings and everything but there's the potential
but there's the potential for this product and are we able
even if they ever in a market "'cause" so it'd be available i even in the market
then if we look at this slide these
and then what i press f. eight
hand-held and portable i think a sportsman it's important because
and i thought about the functions for t. v. but as you pointed out people don't actually want that say maybe
set appeal on to consideration and also
to and we want in a company designing remote controls if we cannot they were so
a plane that are material i was thinking
that could also be built since the t. v. there which might make a remote control of the obsolete
hopefully we're ahead of the curve

to use it either way there's no fun of having all this table think so
in a big grey days i
it's a bit more sleek with them all of this silver but
i don't but i know a lot of people doing that
not i'm not quite what the function is there a
personal preferences i think programmable options which just requires more not a memory not have a
not have a little memory just
no teletext
where do we add speech recognition as as the glow in the dark and ball these factors will have the locating the remote control like if they
like if they come down speak something of the remote control it applies to something and it glows in the dark about this sectors of
and this are definitely in-house so much more market sense so we should
they mentioned you know if the television says you're losing two b. c. one

rent ago
which i think twenty five to thirty five is the usual sort of
it will look at this that how how but the problems of the balloon was are facing the existing remote controls in the market they find
they find that the five percent to thirty four percent of the country where they find too difficult to operate a remote control so it
so it should be in such a way that it should be easy to learn how to operate these remote controls and we
of buttons it's hard to tell from here what they're actually do and they really very exciting
personal preferences
i think we need to i think the economics it's quite an important

headphone with helen yes
we have to take that he has
not so there's an update but
to have trouble whistle really
sir i just told us that consumers are willing to spend more for fancy products and
and you also mentioned that the current products don't always match users operating behaviour by
i like that design
so we have to decide need on which functions are going to actually have

will say a one to point out there are more said put the fashion in electronics so
but maybe that comes up and in
all organic get more organic shape i think simple device
as that this which is on the speech recognition is entirely speech operate user
right so i think i missed the budget thing as
and we are assault twenty five of them right
as a profit
a organic goal be sort of feeling to it then you may have trouble incorporating screen

and that's what the lines so
it was function f. eight
that should be blue one
then the methodology a doctor to find out of this it was market sort of a detailed
if we look at the course whether the consumers they're willing to have pay more for speech recognition in a remote control or not we can find that came up to a thirty five years is a joke we have a very good disliking for this this for a blind like for speech recognition in a remote control so we can
and i suppose you a know how it works "'cause" we've all used to and

and the second thing some some companies that thing that they show them what are more functions of the users in their remote controls but rather than
actually but what about something as bill since the t. v. that and you can press and i'll send out a little signals you
that and that will activate the remote control starts to be two five
we could do then would be you have a remote control by the t. v. speaker and i'm
to remote "'cause" you can expect the television manufacturers to put that feature into their t. v.s
but then you have like to also a separate module by the t. v. speaker

a rabbit to go out
basic know
or a high speed train to right and having personally
user
and it's also much more likely to not work if we had its bells and whistles

actually something i have to see that's one's three
yes i have to look or are they market potential for this product and make
press f. five to start
a detailed market survey on consumers was bound to find out that like incentives like kings what the press forward in or breath or what problems they do encounter in all this type of things
art look or the market ancient art of how we should design can do other remote controls forty should be there so as to in a house of the profit in have solar cells these

seventy five percent of users they do find it that the remote control so available in the market are really they're not so
are really they're not so good looking so
we have to take care of this vector also like our design should be appropriate should be good looking for the consumers
us as be coming and
these are different age group are so it's like

and even the good thing about this is that eighty percent of users they are willing to pay a high pay more for this a good-looking remote control so even if they
so these percentages are you are
i can draw on that and i'm
that would be a consideration taken care yes
the remote for you know to change the channel or to turn the t. v. on and off you

that's the cables can be long i think it's kicked off or
i figured just put "'em" all together
i know the materials cheap but it's just the go on the dark your needs some like a charger and you know and then
and then if you're sitting in the dark for too long or it won't go anymore
so if a step is to it

i think a function f. eight
computer
but i've got some pictures here some leading ones i
so when i can add twelve and a half euros of time
would it be possible to have a rechargeable idea was that

and what people fashionable because we said people between twenty five and thirty five where the main and by is of r. t. v. i think so it
you had a caffeine powered space shuttle train transport to your t. v. and
no buttons you mean so strike
are looks like we just cutting on the
certainly possible and another thing is about this losing the remote in trying to find it again if you do

and what they've got first define that if you a word there were problems they're having the current remote control so available in the market seventy five percent
think so this way to not only gonna do the cost of all of remote controls but in this what profit also so we have to take
so years you know great schematic that my apprentice designer gave me
just so the user can put in their favourite channels and maybe they prefer to find settings that wanna turn on and start blasting

and also i have some limitations from the boss
and practical annotations which i kind of a threat the one
what do is a good job
on as bright yellow logo and our

go out what and actually the eyes was that the this is for a specific television so all the all in one
and it's you know for the cowboy analysed just not i'm not quite
flat screen interface l. c. d. interface

hard to look at that and let's see it's a pineapple for "'em" we've got
'em we've got to and then we can see what we can adapt from it so what
fashion were important so maybe just like little line this kind of around the outside and then you can make the rest a different colour

so what presentations we
computer adjusting
as for the user interface problem you know too many buttons do the one button

and yes that's the that's really this can definitely a pretty in the house or a sales
because it would have really in a house or say that in this a day in this part or age group from fifteen to thirty five and
simple device like the last one we just so not too

cut the classes once i hit this want to use it to
and they really very exciting at all
paris only i prefer this one just because it's and it's easy to use it's a bit more

a battery and
a number buttons kind of functions and
about it and what people other people would require

more complicated design that ralph a sort of grudge
so people to like although
week as we said colours and fashion were important so

it may it's from the last meeting which were essentially that we had decided on roles for each of you how have our
it's inspired design

so all the all in one idea "'cause" i dunno hand
hand that they require of that it's very hard to look at that

good looking so we have to put stress on this we have to take
that comes up and in it

i even in the market "'cause" for the available remote control is less even then we can sell it at twenty five euros which maybe which may
f. five and i press i can to get off as to

which maybe which may seem quite high but if i would look so if they do a remote control we design have ago better a better broke read their designs then we can hope that consumers and that for this the remote controls then
these are your shared documents you can say right

so there is no fun of having ninety percent but that's making the remote controls to bulky too complicated too expensive and it but i think i believe that technologies use it only if the consumers they want to use it either
you're the back just escape

five and i then i think that most of the users of data more a t. v. at belong to this age group so
so we should look at

were also we're looking at everybody's it as
remote controls and we should provide close by problem and no suffice to use also so as that they would go there was could easily lead and you know

smartkom function f. eight
and also the information to rise cases was very useful but what people like what people this like

function f. eight
which i could you mentioned in the other one was

i'm concerned way of what effect be a greater should have on the user and
to forward on t. v. a. is

electronics so we as the company we want to make a product trendy in fashions a big concern about is
and loss and

and economics research
that also kind of take set the speech recognition in terms of the interference and not working very and things like that so

research i dunno
or if it's done under the couch cushions and it's

ones i didn't have to get them to press f.
i mean if you think about this base station so essentially just a lead to have a sort of self connecting break in it so

if you escape then you can see your power
however that does send a bit like the

but a clear for the there was a bit and just by r. s. i. and things as
over chargeable stay send because it's a pain when you are not batteries and

and it's also the company want to keep its talk to the t. v. for to keep then the production time
contrast control

i suppose that's true as
that you could have the and instead it was all if it's got a voice recognition you could have it just you know where are you

i set this up
so plug it in press f. five

i needed it would of the thing you've got a thing
because the different selection buttons so keep the

so it's good you want first and
and i jotted down some notes as to what it needs and what kind a novel features we can add to differentiate our product from the others

and any noise over certain threshold on a topic up as a distress signal on from you and i'll be back and say you know your hand or something or this or
and that's the first in nineteen euro is we've got our we've got make a profit

that would have to be so specific rather than above a threshold "'cause" if you had a like a movie on your likely get it beeping back at you
not with just pretend that's not a problem

for which include you know spacecraft coffee makers and board trains
i presume

little base station or something
as opposed to with batteries we don't need to provide all we pride fast batteries but it's more it's that's cheaper to justify battery

that's a good there so i like the programmable options
take that back

and the the bells and whistles that we mentioned you know it take more budgeting more technical expenditure of effort and it's also
the meeting so that much to forward on t. v. a.

we had that it's and to this include teletext because it's become outdated everybody uses the internet anyway can
i do have ever have us from over my head that they don't want don't think so

i presume
lost

is right we use the basic functions for a television no
but you know like in a basic sense that you could have your basic selection buttons and

and i'll be right you could find out what people would think about that or not because and
about cost

other people would require and teletext in a remote teletext option remote control
something but if you can work around that noise problem

so keep the simple and
which just icon

so i that would be cheaper than i do
if you do have a sorta speech interface to it you only need to find it you just say

you could program it with your channels and then you so you know like a b. c. one and it goes to that channel it
it did work for a while though because of this noise reference problem they mentioned you know if the

that's as sort of basic are kind of frequency so i'll be cheap
that's certainly possible and

and how are you but the corner dark materials are
and it's really fine mind

we can use we can still use a blue
we can still use a blue dark as a gimmick essentially and

and if we're gonna have to go for gonna have the logo
go for gonna have the logo on as bright yellow

how have our there are some changes that i've got from on high fact

we anybody got we're going to go rent ago

need to plug

screen on and that's what the

me and in that as a marketing expert as we

although i'm

it and if you just click that'll go ahead want to

and are we able to achieve this a net profit or our aims or not then

but rather than those having more functions in their remote controls we should emphasise but actually can do more hard for the operate better than making it too complicated it was

it was mostly a telephone that fifty percent of the users they use only ten percent of the buttons so there is

so we have to take care of this vector also

speech recognition

so we can emphasise on this point also like because

a market potential but i mean yes

so we can fun and games

i think it's kicked off or whatever the ones on the means

i can't and my computer quickly that's

and then have like press the pick want to get on to the big

so i need interface design a user interface

is and had a person just the next button right

just the life there

so i take the existing designs and also

so it what they like and what define fashionable and economics

the findings

the basics that was a basic function send messages to the television set that so people

so we need to be included but i've

to press f. five is that what escape

to use it to leaving remote control to the mail in a big grey

days i mean this one's got loads of buttons it's

and i think we can t. much past that

we hope so

and i thought not too edgy and like a box more kind of

more kind of hand-held more no i was at computer ian all

organic

one we just so not too many buttons and as

so i think what we can miss out on the buttons we can make up for in design and how it fixed

sales

important because t. f. t. of just released i think is it at a remote control for presentations so and a big seven inch big screen anyway so

there's an update but it anyway so your hand held portable and

and so it last thing i thought which i could

you mentioned in the other one was maybe a bit of a gimmick to set us apart from other people like glow in the dark

which it does already exist it's not very widely use i don't think easy find a with

easy find a with a whistle functional something over

so and as we talk about speech recognition and whistling and

on or if it is that a function we want

it is that a function we want in the remote

i you have an be able to

just i mean as be a certain kind whistle to right

that's costly there are much

there are much easier thing is just any about noise like clapping shouting you know

and then what the response p. it beeps back at you or something

function f. five

function f. eight for the

so as the industrial designer my job is to take in input from you guys

'cause i remember

by the buttons are used and

you mention that are not fun to use

and a novel feature which which is brought up with this automatic speech recognition feature or noise detection future for when you lose your remote like people

right and interim

that's for later down the road and

and then as for the user interface it should be trendy

and that computer e. right

e. right so more low tech and not too many buttons set appeal

and side it will research and

right and having personally worked with all these products i have a great deal of experience with the industrial designer these

on a scale if it if you can build

if it if you can build spacecraft you'll have no problem of the remote control

the budget thing as fifty million euros and

fifty million dollars a rough

so i miss those numbers

casing cheap plastic you know

i should be just like a ten to the price maybe or less an energy

an energy source which pride just be your regular batteries

would it be possible

was that was i gonna mark up a lot

that might cost more like as opposed to with batteries

in it so i don't think i'd go up the price that much

so it appears that the user interface the

but since we're cutting edge company we of course will have alternatives like speech recognition was a recognition and rocket power

right also so and also got not very long before the meeting so

just push

television which i'm presuming means is for specific television and then

i don't know exactly how sort of incorporate i mean

i mean i if you go for a sort of popular shape it kind of working its way around it or something

speech recognition potentially flat screen

of buttons so that much take that one is right we use

all the danger that as a could look at it cheap

so strike a balance between a few in a are looks like

so it a take it your position alloys that's the bells and whistles we gotta come up with a gimmick but not too complicated to make a

so i mean that that the sort of encoding i'm getting from little bits of what channel and being sent is that they're quite interested in t. f. t. display interactive display however that does

although i if the so the sort of thing about

thing about standard interfaces the people use already sort of windows style dropdown menus or whatever i think

buttons and if you hit that sort of menu the top you have

and paul in the dark is that sort of with a light inside that or is that sort of go in that are material

amazing something ones that in

in setting is really very important point it's if we look at the market those people

those people most of teams and people they find that the remote control so for know somewhere in the remote in the home but

often lost was that

and loss and means therefore that they have kept in remote control last time where do we add

about this sectors of all these points will help them to locate and they have kept this remote control and this are definitely

so we should take it into consideration also

already not i never for b. c. too and b. c. one or switch the channel for any kind of thing

right and so there's lot of this should be watching the t. v. and then also made it pick up the noise and turn off or in our kind of i'm up or something but

this might get big too expensive actually but

a little signals you know like the ones that week on here or something

is a good idea

so like a kind of backwards remote from the thing

two five

right and then or do you just you know subtract a kind of cancellation of the noise we could do

i'm microphone by the t. v. speaker and transmitter there it sends back to remote "'cause" you can

that comes with our remote control

right and then the remote control know what's been produced by the television

you just say you know on whatever you want the remote for you know to

you just shout your command to it you know do it for you if it's within you know what i'm hearing range and you know could be

and you know could be someone there i mean we have no idea where it is and it's still a bootstrap

they like the whole sort of remote feedback thing and

and so i think rather than that

an expense

i should be an expense in the time so i think

to go i mean like the thing about the that's the problem of the t. f. t. or the l. c. d. kind of thing is if you're also wanting to kind of

slogan and

and then you know they're gonna be fairly bright colour anyway and

