and you can give your presentations on what you've been up to
i thought i'll use the whiteboard because we have so many different options and what we can do
so they can be simple which is like the normal batteries in our with the cells
i wind it were way
so it i don't know if even if you want to consider this but the
it's a good option the
and then it and analyse them and from the point of view of use a fan friendliness and
allows it's possible to record a two different ways samples and it to us
to it like l. a. and it says the hell are and your name with a said i
the isn't a way to pass but it's actually very
i. numbers know so it's quite good if you like searching quite a lot of so if you look if
so if you look if you're scrolling through the a to z. v. music any looking for something it t. v. and it's a lot faster than the wheel but you've got
straight to trends and then we can
and then we can discuss of all the ones
for the coffee the presentation in there
and he wants to look fancy look-and-feel say
it's the probably always recognition is kind of important right
is protected as
or if we want to use the latex then we have to go with one of the elder power things
it's made a rubber you should get the kinetic energy fairly easy way you could use
i will say it called a double-sided code doesn't say too much does it have
dark on imagine what would you know
but you know you're mean races the time i mean there's

but i'm guessing that the so
but anyway so the other different options that we have
keep the taking out things on this and and many things that are important
actually it all that all these i personally prefer this one because
to speak unit i it's it should be
frames and i mean the back is essentially straight but it's currently
but it's currently say the size
and then my research and how we anything which is why
is that the practicality really is in a i mean if
keeps moving this thing we'll have to be tapped every time which might
you can't make it like stay in and
and so it i mean if the case you have the case and it becomes a big bulky one
we have options do it to be enumerate everything from zero to nine or
nine or do we have just the channel plus channel minus just to use a scroll
so the buttons definitely in fact
in fact we shall we try to draw are press

or advanced
so they have a sample sensor and sample speaker
button which was also there are also already mentioned and
and this means that wants it
than the wheel but you've got a lot less control over
right i include that here as have c. d.
as have c. d. is plus spinning
and the personal preferences pretty much the same as a as last time it
time it has to be a small simple we decided
we decided to include voice recognition so
the scrolling button i thought it could be for voice like i dunno it in like i like it used to be an walkmans or something there is
there is i think there's no reason why we can do something like this for the remote control
so the car to decide you hold chip think
nothing to open

some in the case so many user interface is there just so full of buttons that it's actually a hard to find the ones you really want to use and
our own company has developed a new in user interface or
to us so this one was already mentioned the l. c. display
it around it's like you press this or
so you can have a lot what looks like a normal remote control unit or like a minimalist
we have all the pictures "'cause" i do think that it's a deer it might time
and i think peace
hand and i was i definitely out right
kind of energy it needs i don't have too much technical
the slack a completely flat case is definitely out trade it has to
no i mean when we would have any data and the numbers because that's
is that i think the thing is say if someone just want to turn on the t. v. and paul on a channel that they should be easier to use than any of them i it and then if someone
the time i mean there's a limit to how much the biggest technique and spend fiddling with the t. v. i think is that the issue there
i think that's what you guys are gonna doing next so if we put

per second what are you what this means a spinning we all with the l. c. display
rather than having to
so it could be like a rubbery
and it's not that's not streamlined and sexy having had having the wind up
kind of big energy
kind of big energy to seem to have some kind of appeal but
but presumably if they're suggesting it's then we could use it i'd keep it on
we don't want that's no that's not vegetable
we still have all the options important
wood is not really
in that case a remote control not really

so i haven't kind a powerpoint presentation i thought values
you haven't made a powerpoint
i thought values i
like so you see for example a particular button attaches to a particular place under p. c. b. and
and still worrying about the whole r. s. i. from the right thing "'cause" that's it
an l. c. d.s we can haul
what's on and you could just see that on the remote lot of them
and like not sum it
and but that would be a good way to get in the whole r. s. i. d. issue when because
the size here for sides to this thing so i mean

these are the three options and
if we choose this we can't choose titanium for
for these two we can use titanium and ford rubber or plastic
the interface options now so
it's the ipod the kind of
something a bit squishy and
or because i didn't mention that i have i think the opal only options that we have that the cases at least three easy
and given that where we're looking at more spongy material preferences i would think maybe a rubber or plastic is more
i mean is it came out to the to go off at the beginning i made why you know it the buttons the people use all the time you want buttons for them and everything else many done

so this is something that has been recently developed by the company in the last decade but not too reaching an l.
we need a regular or advanced for a scroll wheels
i think these pens can give you can sort of hand some sort of
so this would include things like shape and size and buttons and voice recognition as and colour and so on
and the message i. e. employee this time was again having to look to related products and menu on the internet and then
and our own manufacturing division has designed a new the programme bill the speech
but if you do you want to use l. c. d. then you flip it open but it's
numbers because that's otherwise if people don't want to flip through all the channels and

get them printed as you want to so
so we can have a configuration irrespective of the cost the way we want to have that right
and they would different kind of supplements available
all the options important be think would will be a good idea
break it's much more
but it's not like you know polly the t.
so for channel numbers but

these two are you saying and this is quite the base electronic
so i'm guessing that the sample speaker is probably something like and you know as soon as you press a button it now that gives you feed that one five or whatever on
wants it if it comes together what the voice recognition but it's
here but i'm not really what they you can really turn it around it's like you press
and it's a visa be an important feature for clothes shoes and furniture so i mean i'm
so i mean i'm taking this to mean you know you could have been s.
and see you wanna you could have it say that it's too small fee so i had

you may the hand dynamo into an exercise bike and then you've
bike and then you've got exciting was watching t. v.
teenage easy ten to get a flat vegetables in a
so on hand
you know you if you have an l. c. d. display then you can select almost everything on the l. c. d. display
so the in the buttons we have all the channels also we have options do it

do you wanna stay some linear the board so that if we need to you can sit down
so in a lot of findings some new
some new things and i used some of them
one that and then if you want to mess about with that you flip it open and
i mean you can flip it open
a a place and vegetables will be for writing inspiration so

the project documents excellent
if you to go back to do that so in case we need to refer to that
all the l. c. d.s are for feedback right to use it was pressing buttons and a feedback can come to
rather than having to interrupt your viewing pleasure
not that i mean it makes a lot of different it's i am
i am one of those slightly frames and i mean

and you mean this would be like b. d. or a shape of the remote control
to be honest actually i mention some some other things which could fit and and the stalk this time i'm i mentioned them already in the previous talk so
for the pitch is not very clear but as you can see there
recognition but it's once the and that you'd a recogniser is the voice of the speech get there can be and preprogrammed on set for example
on set for example you can pick up the remote control and say you something to it like l. a. and

so probably double curved surface is the way to go in
are covered that one and flat and the top because i'm not if it's
to this thing so i mean just have one side mean one side is straight and
and you know you could have two sides mean it's the whole thing is just to be coming that thing
now and if it's a anywhere in your research material about the sliding or because

and what we can do is that we can start rubbing off the options that we do not require and putting the options
and and then we can probably discuss the release components
so what you see i the this is the outside
here everything else is kind of

putting the options that are more high-tech underlining the or something like that
this send information to look transistor there which then that a sense information to an l. e. d. device if you flip
is another new development is the scroll button which
now the first aspect is if only twice as important as the second aspect which twice as important as the third aspect say i mean

so the third one is the kinetic energy one
the kinetic energy one is that idea and but there are usually more than watch is since are hand keeps moving it keeps to watch taking i don't know if
v. in any way you can then it comes so we actually
depends how much movement it really names but presumably

they can be the shape of the cases they can be flat it can be curved
to put the base integrated circuit options are we have a either a simple one
from the from bouncing it
do we need them on as passions or do we need them as l. c. d.

would be flat and what the sides would be code from one side or whatever and they would
and also what their parents wants is pleasant
to use and this is confusing it takes no time to learn
and i sold i would just to show some of them but i found

c. d.s we can haul c. d.s these two are you saying
and the price goes up as we go down
i have some powerpoint
but i'm not completely and completely clear i about the spinning wheel so i think

you can sit down but just we manage easily pop
we manage easily pop
this can help us to decide which we just want to incorporate you know what product so
display i have a

but it seems to be in out of try and you know the nobody seems
know the nobody seems to be
so the components right so
right so what about the scrolling

that he got a chance to just have a look at it anyway
is we can in for voice recognition and
i'd keep it on

that we need to know about the components properties materials the user interface and any trends that the marketing expert has been watching
now for the really interesting interface right so on
so if we put and the key things that we want

if you all point eight you have a circuit board here right and
right and this is the chip that was talking about last time this
so this time i might not have them on the slides but i can just mention the more and then "'kay"

and the chip that and then translates the court into i mean for a infrared radiation which course goes out so there so
for twenty or so these are the different options that we have
the p. c. b. c. inexpensive so we can put in that whatever we want to put the base

so the important point is that i don't know what the website was that the configurations all of these printed circuit boards a are quite i can i get them printed
since other comment only from the company really cheaper all these options so
i'd call on the holiday

these are the kind of batteries that the company makes it so
in different say the whole idea with the l. c. d.s and the spinning in the colours and the voice recognition is quite like quite handy a four and
the screen so if you're watching something

does that mean like a wind-up one
so now we seem to have a consensus that the l. c. d.s are definitely the way to go because
the way to go because thailand

and charging the remote
so what's the what's disc kate
and fast it television and so they didn't do any

i don't know if it is a good idea for a remote control because it would just lie there for a long while sometimes
there are different cases are in that can be provided they
every time which might be really frustrating for the user

the remote "'cause" you
long while sometimes as soon as you pick it up it moves and then again it to it recharges or something and the
so man maybe as you're discussing things it is it if we just to keep highlighting things there and so

available like it can mean plastic rubber wood or titanium thing but
would a flat fee remote
say why did was to says since that's come out with market trends and seen a what is it gonna be one think in the new feature

some sort of radiation
it's like the like you said know the scroll
no idea karen it's

so some findings
because i mean if you think most people use a remote control with a white and that way and see you wanna
just for fast

you know a it's like how you put your hand same is the least movement
easy i i was the first case or a cover so it doesn't say anything about
in that case

if it is a really thin if it is a really can it just like you to break it's much
what the middle and we've would be someone we
we've would be someone we is going to discuss that we might like this flipping open thing then i mean you can use it as a normal remote control but if you do you want to

but for a remote control unit
and splinters and and
is it does make any sense i think it's the thing with wood

was on them in the project documents that he got
i can you go back per second

it anyway it's the meeting's gonna fall are more or less the same structures last time it's a real book
it's a real book or round each of you intend and

we've got forty minutes
and then if someone wants to you change the contrast on the t. v. and they should be able to do that and it should be accessible but

the information goes to the chip which is somewhere here and the chip that
and lemon friendly

that right that's it for twenty or so
so that means we need an advanced thing

so at least things and then we can
and a feedback can come to the television itself so do we need an c.

it can be curved would do one sided go to one side flat and they
it is like a little ball down is it flips open

and not wall
so we can use even certain titanium is also used to in the company to make the some space design equipment so

a flat fee remote
so it's kind of a it'll be probably nicer to use because it relates to the overall image of the company but the

and they have they can even have an integrated the push button inside the scrolling think the scroll
if we have a l. c. d. displays that opens up a whole word you know you if you have an l. c.

so the this concerns first of all the chips i should do that so
so there's a chip and this one right the

besides this in elect under electronics we also the company has started making a sample sender which is
which the making is that the user uses to control its operation and input data so this would include

ashe interface concept
you have to have a send another flatness i think it depends

so that might be you can have many buttons actually it
you said know the scroll wheel

this one because it's the smallest and with least with us most number of buttons as one and i
it's that's carry on this

some of them were mentioned already body or technical designer had our own company
v. a. c. is not a practical obvious

recognition and it allows
rubber of some of those

hi
trade it has to be at least go from one side

i have a picture if you just a moment i'll see
myself but i think it's just like it's a way it's like not separate buttons like this one

it's like the ipod
and then the screen is protected so it doesn't actually get scratched so

so instead of going down you to spend
you have to have some pushbuttons tiny

so to have the standards a major buttons like on off the channels and then volume and
i discovered to follow up and it's

and i also sold it if we want to keep it small and and actually i
and actually i quite like the idea of a scroll the scrolling button i thought

l. c. d. i don't know if it is that i went to pick it up all the l. c.
i don't have too much technical information on here

so do we need an c. d. on the remote
but i think that the l. c. d. display is kind of it's faster what the middle and

and you put the number in the remote and then you
do you agree

the remote and then you in any case the t.
bit of a symmetry and but

in any case the t. v. in any way you can
but you spinning wheel tends to go to one side

is quite a long time but if you get the number moment it's a bit of a pain so i think in a
but it is also quite to have something here so you don't interrupt the picture on the screen so if you're watching

so i think in a screen on them i would probably get down you time and that will always
you time and that will always do tentative plan about a bit

that would on the best
but if you've got a flip thing effectively at something that's curved on one side and flash on the other side but you fold it in half

which is why we have all the pictures "'cause"
that would be on one side

be simple as fancy and i think peace
you know i think for the kind of but channel numbers you still need them within

so you have to decide would be you know you want to be gangs a frost or not but i mean the
but i mean the thing with this whole if you planning on making out what about on the basis that it's spongy then i'm not how one scrolling wheel would what

i a essentially agenda was on them

and at the end of that we need to discuss what you've come up with so that we can make a decision on the key remote control concepts so

do you wanna start again me

me we've got forty

but at the pinhole cat

i'll start off by i thought i'll

so that i'll start again with the brief introduction to connect that anyway brief introduction to the insides of remote control and

this is the outside of the remote right if you

if you flip the printed circuit board and this is the most important point here

so if you flip the circuit board is that what it looks like so

and the on pressing this button

on pressing this button i said that completes the information

so the battery cells talk to the battery right

hand dynamo us

want to consider this but the the different things that the company make so

company make so the they'll since other

and the fourth option is the solar cells which are also i have made the company and lemon

yay

things and then we can come back and discuss what we think from everybody's perspective there are different

flat and they can be covered with on both sides

you and december i read it i see

but the it cannot be used on a double curved surface if we choose

we can have pushbuttons like most remotes do and

and our company's an expert in making pushbuttons

we can have scroll wheels like the ones on a mouse pointer learned that

the scroll plus put so this

the base electronic options are so the this concerns

or a regular

so the good thing about the the what we why we would want to use it once we why we might want to use advanced is that the l. c. d.s can only come with the advanced chip

the we need a regular

and the chip include same for infrared sender

besides this

which is that not explain what it was but i'm guessing

i don't know whether some percent or centre has to do something that voice recognition or not but anyway so

now i think that we can integrate the you know where the user interface and the marketing things in that keep the

what do you powerpoint so

has this little come and click it in

so i thought i would also include the definition of user interface so

so it's the aspects of a of a computer system or program which can be seen and by the use and

one and i would say e. even the appearance of some of them is kind of not so

said i mean this is also one of them give new developments as we might consider if we wanted to include

no the scroll button is a different think i have a picture

the ipod

it's light which is like way you know you have d. a. t. mouse and you go around it is kind of a that it needs to spend round in it

round in it it is

but it's actually very like fast

i like the wheel as the click on the side g. i. numbers know so

volume and then the rest would be the menu on the screen

say i mean they'd be easy to use thing is fairly low down on the picture in

picture in given that are decreases what you would expect really

you know you people want something you something technologically

you something technologically innovative in different say

that's over on the interface if you could

or maybe the l. c. d. and spinning so that means

i have a point about l. c. d. i don't know if it is

think they are got one as a as tenuous boxes and

we actually is quite a long time

be like if you could make integrate with the t. v. then it could come up with your information about what's on and

but i think maybe a way to do it would be assimilate i have your mobile phone you know like

mobile phone you know like you have the slide you want and you have to flip you want

and you have to flip you want and then the screen is

or like a minimalist remote controls

remote controls you were you buttons want to ninety on and off anybody one that and

i'm not quite about the relevance of material will be spongy

we have rubber i

as we as you get make a an electric shock a few remote control if it was made for

and it may help if you drop it is protected

energy source

way you could use that as a friend there

because i'm not if it's flat on both the sides and how much easy would it be to reach for buttons etcetera

i think it depends on the whole economic so that you know a it's

doesn't say anything about so you know the is available

at the e. c.'s more about the protecting the l. c. d. which i think is where it came from and then my

i combined style with the level of functionality be simple

looking at what we've got watch we want an l. c. d. display with the spinning wheel

i try to her of all things and

were you go to wind euro

as it is to watch which constantly keeps moving this

let's keep it option to give an option and

i mean you can't keep it the race more you can't make

because you need to unit you need to put all the technology and so it i mean

obvious c.s or if a table but for a remote control

right so on and that the pushbuttons is our expertise to in the industry but

flip it open but it's more time consuming

i would say buttons because it's

i do think that sends

so i think it doesn't make sense to have both like a scrolling and spending things you cannot

things you cannot include everything in a spinning if you

a spinning and not scrolling i would say

i would say this meaning there is a high speed to the scrolling wheels so you have to decide

