just hang on a second it but i
the back end of an awful
my god s. and never got
and i don't know why but it looks like to make noise and you
it's very pretty cat
so that's why i like cats
i don't actually have a favourite animal but for the
i had are a second trough top three
snout no
so i that was the test to see if this equipment so working
so i talk about it we've used it is
next meeting starts in thirty minutes
that in the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer or whatever what ideas where i mean
ideas where i mean if you wanna go back to the last slide it's
it's t. v. remote control
and new remote control for t. v.
per unit
so do we have to be realistic within the budget or "'cause"
'cause i don't know how much are the costs
so it's not you actually just putting three or four different remotes together by making them thinner and into one
and then on the the sign what one remote control that would be very simple was just the channel program plus and minus and then just the mute button for example i can we keep it really

try out the whiteboard and a protestant
yes martin is marketing
the question of this can work
your this is right some words but
why because cuddly
and usually cats very friendly usually
i think we're doing before we close the meeting was supposed to come up with some ideas for
i woke so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion i right now a
i thought this was just given us instructions for the right to do next but
but they do you wanna small

the meeting conceptual design individual work and a meeting detailed design individual
what's your favourite animal
he and a long tail
of t. v. and if you have whatever associated with the t. v. d. player or something like that but
grandmother
grandmother you know i like it but it's maybe you could
we should that i by the end of
remote can have it be

missed it but insists that a fireman see what happens
here's the agenda winning acquaintance
winning acquaintance tool training project plan discussion and then coding
and the healing he'll
had coast twelve
see "'cause" the edges hours think than a mind that we got we have to have something that cheap to make
that's true maybe we should just concentrate on having it at the t. v. remote can have it be

project method functional design individual work and then the meeting conceptual
design individual work in the meeting
tool training
so we're supposed to bring the little things for way
it's a light or a combination of a line
a combination of a line and tiger do you have

just roll the phase but then you have to describe inviting have a list of a lexus
to reduce them a lot of your this is right
like i mean it can actually sold
production costs are it is
are it is kind of a car cost any more than twelve fifty to make

we have like one that comes out
that it doesn't have to be really thick every remote controls
thick every remote controls can be within that and
a whole lot or something like that flip telephone something that maybe
something that i mean we don't we have been told has to be something that all control everything we should have

and this i say six designer you're left go next
animal but for the for this playing else true or
so the be to have something that controls lots of different things
finance slides and then the

selling price twenty five euros for
we are we going for like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we go for something as began
what affect the apparatus should have
we should have a backup plan or just a really good television remote control that just that is just for t. v. but it's just a really good one

and what we would roughly what we would incorporate into anyone maybe
pretty much everybody
is this at t. v. one i suppose to make

and a protestant should draw my favourite animal and sum up my favourite characteristics of that animal
it's industrial designer which is not to go first

flip it open and you got all the buttons or you flip it closing you just got there basic buttons on the outside maybe
v. but also devices connected to the t. v. you mean be able to operate

so we start time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface but the functions
but the functions that were that we want our that it can control the t. v. but also devices

d. v. d. players things like that
got i think we should also have a backup plan of i "'cause" i

so on the call or

could use it enough

'cause you know steadily

that is that what happened is that

are we free to take notes

it but i haven't seen it to this

project aim is a new remote control to

to original trendy and user-friendly project

where you just i think just click could you have a

clinton

i'll put "'em" in your pocket

so my favourite animal

as a very good elephant

s. and never got any of draw that

on theirs is you know some of the of your favourite characteristics of that animal

it's big it's got

it's got a great memory

supposed to have a great memory is an elephant

is an elephant never forgets and

one for done so

so only use the plot them to wipe one of

a static

i have to what we've done with

'kay my favourite your or

or if you give you a singaporean dynamite before it's a light

do you have seen up volume down right that's a

that's a whole a serious

and it's best characteristic is it's pretty much last semester animal

but you have to see the movie for a appreciate it

i'll try my best control

can i just for the phase

i think you can just roll the phase but

would also has what i'd paid that forty

and they can feel when he wins got problems

where are they have a spiritual

there we are three

a prairie dog

i like them because they're cute and stupid

let's move on to the next but it's project finance

project finance selling

for a name fifty million euros

experience with remote control so i talk about

so i think before we close the were expected that in the last slide

i think this is just the preliminary get

get some rough ideas for what our experiences with remote controls and then and what we

right it on experiences with remote controls and

seems like there's sort of a tension between two ideas i mean you want

ideas i mean you want i want one remote that maybe to work all the functions of t. v. and if you have

video and hi-fi and

but i get the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something

i know that as the other thing is it's gonna be cheap

'cause our we know saying in something that's got different but maybe at and l. c. d. display on it that to a different pages for different devices

but that would probably be quite expensive

but how do we knew how much i mean and

twelve fifty

you get can be more than twelve fifty per unit

the moment week to remote "'cause" we this

remote "'cause" we this about with the what we do in a remote is just saying what we'd like and then after we

and then after we want to find what we can like some different ideas we can end and do research to find out if these any of these ideas or feasible or not so the be

that and then you have one few d. v. d. in this slide that then you have another

then you have another one slide about finance

slides and then the call comes compact

that's an idea

how of one very complicated one on one side with all the t. v. d. and d. c. or excess and and then

i can we keep it really simple one side and the other side be very complicated

one side kids one side for adults

i'm not if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote that "'cause"

sided remote that "'cause" it would be very hard to use in the way that you but then you can either

no but you would slide didn't see some of like something on the back would hold like to

hold like to wouldn't be able to press the buttons but

that'd be i think in

i think in a four

we got five minutes left

stalled trade you know

we've got a few ideas

i by the end of this meeting we should have at least a rough conceptual it was stage

it was stage one was technical functions design what affect the

i "'cause" i just think that might be expensive to make something that i mean

