because we've put down some for controls are the most common to a channel volume and
so i'm gonna get my remote controls with
one remote control

then we looked at the the method for coming up with our own remote
own remote looking at other devices
a two part remote which was what we're actually looking at and then

two point four
and i was like two point four two
time ago and that's two point four to access education
two point four two right

and made a decision on what we were going to use to make a remote
but how many remotes to use it like it's not so many
so the only thing better then a banana shaped remote is one that you shake
besides with the l. c. i. the remote
half a day your remote ago

we looked at at the trends we had that
the ipod we really like the look at that
but i think we still decided not to go with that then we looked
then we looked at d. components
you never know but if we should look
know but if we should look left and right and that as of
he's not gonna fall like a rectangle looks like down and things that
looks more like a banana

five four
so lots of four at most

menus is that a simple buttons
a simple buttons to showbiz and see if we had have been that's

then we have a case material supplements interface type and then the button supplements
button supplement special colour
shouldn't be attributed anything for the button supplements

so your remote put all on your somebody stole you change your television and then offer that
then offer that without taking the beautiful remote control
i can do that without a calculator

we're gonna be doing it based on a seven point scale
so are tall was fifteen point five
so we may not need the l. c. d.s point
the real twelve point
twelve point five
costs under twelve point five euro was no

so for the first one we need to decide if we solve the problem of the users to complain about them ugly remote
so to answer that honestly i would rather say like we have not solve the problem completely maybe i really remote because the colour is that we definitely you can say
on the fourth one how about the problem
how about the problem of a remote being easily last one of the number one
i had some problem with the pen i think but

or we'll see what we need to have on to the criteria for the evaluation then we'll go to
you guys are gonna how we do it in the evaluation of the criteria
next slide project
project evaluation project
project process satisfaction with for example room for creativity leadership teamwork means new ideas found
i think that perhaps a project evaluation it's just supposed to be complete by me but
i have what did you think of our project process
costs are within the budget project is evaluated
project is evaluated

i'd say because the ergonomics the form and yes that's definitely more beautiful than the average have a colour
i think the colour is to track to
out a moderate colour to go with the modern for
the way we're gonna force to take that colour
the recent fashion as a rather displayed and in the l. c. d. and the way he operated and perform on the colour but
which is special colour
special colour
that's a special colour it's especially
it's especially ugly colour but that's not special

of it all the controller would be done with the scroll wheel
the scroll wheel to use imaginations a bit and they say
thing i suppose with the scroll on the l. c. d.
about that i mean i much prefer something like brash scroll with that form but
scrolling through and select in a few
interface type we have pushbutton scroll wheel interface integrated scroll-wheel pushbutton and an l. c. d. display
we're gonna leave that one point because we run on a l. c. d. and scroll so
what is a complete set out to the one single both so it on and just have the scroll
and just have the scroll wheel interface and

the materials for the case the different energy sources the different types of chips
on but so we've got the energy source there's
energy source there's a four five six categories we have energy source
we have energy source electronics case then we have a case material
up first energy source we take battery

