only dollar remote controls i've used you should come with the television
and that's quite a lot for remote control
because we always lose a remote control
being as a marketing expert and then like to say like or before deciding the cost of this remote control or the end of the things we must see the market potential for this product like
in the market were to have the available prices of the remote controls in the prices white
white space or do our own remote controls are having and how
and how complicated it is to use this remote controls as compared to other remote controls available in the market so
so you do it to look around at other remote controls and if

like what is the competition in the market were
an apart from these you should be having a good look also was people
and you look at competition and the like

'cause i know it is that more buttons the remote sometimes it's so big in clunky was just like a hundred
was just like a hundred buttons on it or it could have a really

my first source would be
first source would be remote controls are grey or black or this or the come with

black or this or the come with a t. v. set some
a t. v. set some h. two basic right back remote controls those functions they made could

and as you say we need to have some kind of gimmick so
they really want to have something good having a good design in their hands so
kind of maybe more like a p. d. a. kind of just hand helds like

they made could think about colour make that might
and if you could maybe come up with so shapes and just that she needs or whatever and
say a mistake the shapes everything you said
shapes and colours and how to make it attractive

and you could look into it and have a hard to meet i. d. like how you make it all in one hand what sort of materials available to you whatever and
and warnings for next meeting just

so i thought may be something like if you lose it and you can whistle you know
or it could have a really small slim one but they could lose it easily

but to sell at twenty five you wanna need features
concerning about that i five euros us about and fifteen times or so

for remember trying to
remember trying to make it for twelve euros fifty

and making a profit of fifty million euros so
make that might make it bit different from the rest at least
was people really like a like to play with it then they are watching movies are playing with them you know or playing with the l. c. d. player them be to do it like any electronic devices they really
far as making of the screen or like here but
and other instruction to come from the personal coach

so it's got it gonna have to be pretty damn trendy

i was thinking that as i think that the only ones i've seen but you buy are the sort of one for all type things for their
so that the key rings
so before desire to go before file as in this project we must discuss all these things like
within a good size would be for this
that would cover known in half an hour so
we free emails

and a light signal so

