be plastic but we have all these sort of fashion in technological elements we can add in the word latex titanium or rubber or other coloured types of plastic
elements maybe take a new maybe
some word we're gonna have to investigate that better one i specifics of the actual materials that sort of what
that sort of what i have in mind and we wanna go for simplicity
like favourite channels is applicable but i think you do
like a large button that
i may be want something that's shaped like a mobile phone so you hold it in
that is how i tended
i just size
you have one of the image me ones when they
continue to have a presentation
presentation i have one more slide before we close but in that side
i think is a certain i think it's really
that would probably take care of our problem of not wanting to change batteries

the options on i've gotten from headquarters about what we can do
we can do there's a shape of a case we could do a flat which flat case the curved case or it maybe even a double curved case haven't
haven't seen any pictures of what this exactly looks like it just keep
that in mind that these are the options that we have for manufacturing and we can make our
or something they only described as the type of battery you find in porches from about fifty years ago flashlights not quite what that is
that i receive so that's what i passing on to you so those are options
we want people to be able to use it as a remote control so we need
i have one moment
even know were stressing more talking we then talking about this like simplicity and easy to use idea they're sort of mine has
like an idea
minutes left so i'm gonna it
of things are just bring that up and show you all
you could do it with your home so i used option

o'clock a i don't
that like to do it in this order first to the conceptual specification of components properties and materials and the conceptual specification of the user interface and then the trendwatching
function f. eight it
and personal preferences that i was thinking through here's
just adjusting the
are you can just about make up to our that it's the bottom three buttons are of previous track next track and play pause that the main
this is it's an interesting idea and
and the button to switch off in case you get bored
other features things like adjusting the brightness tuning the t. v.
or a have a just a menu display that comes up on the television and
i think that given the list a matter of i was for that it's that seems to a ball

forty six
have leads to do how we can
and it's sending it out's only fourteen twenty five and
it would because we have international be on we
mean objectives were simplicity and fashion and
also considering that research has been carried out by real reaction a little have the tent as to like how these questions a bit more data and
personally like i might reverse it but
so instead of opening a box you just kind of peeler in the remote

down we're only need a regular or advanced chip if we're gonna start using an l. c. d. so i think we want
have you know idea
and sent and that is gonna be the concept of the user interface list of device
and see you use the buttons just a scroll around and find the more advanced features you want something
it you have any ideas had it possibly use these and how to use a fruit or vegetable or or the spongy material at all think
to make is like could make a spongy remote would
i mean we don't we do we wanna go spongy maybe
right i'd sort of skipped over that hoping you wouldn't get

see wanna keep it integrated as a whole the
so simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery or
buttons which are exactly like what they're describing so that might be something
and i'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery solar i don't think would
but this idea of the kinetic that you don't have to replace and
also "'cause" you would be looking down at the l. c. d. screen then back up at your t. v. and people
and people don't wanna do that

so conceptual design meeting and it's sending
twenty five and so we have forty minutes for this one again i'm so
kind of thing but
chip now i don't know
is that the button on an ipod is it what is it
decisions what the to sit

i'm very excited by this one actually has i a lot of
probably push buttons but i'm it intrigued
visuals of this
hand and you press the buttons are fun and
but i don't like it is me like was so that would have found that the
that the way it all comes low key

no i don't know how know the end of this is gonna be anything
no signal
so first they had people they blinked on the important aspects of a remote control and right
data and if necessarily this whole fashion and just technology you eat it easy to use is necessarily the right drinking personally
but there's all kinds of or as a nation that would do
i don't have a lot of notes to if you want and i pretty much

and we wanna go for simplicity probably
that's a bit i have to it's i hope i
is a fairly simple device this
i think the main thing to notice about it is it just has four buttons it's very
then if you want to do anything more advanced you go into the little menu on the l. c. d. screen and

that's really basic me that's
out a new book that
but this is so much time you know
and make that we include that we've included all of our is and that we actually end
r. i. uses for buttons to me to move around so range of settings so on a small l. c. d. screen

we've also got a member of that this is the device itself is useful purpose we
and that we actually end up with the device that is going to be useful to people
and start something that or show you some examples of
so you hold it in one hand and
or it and use my thumb remote corner fair on the touch scroll wheel

it's only got novelty value is
and right now it that they're saying that currently there is a functional look and feel preference but that
fashion and so even know were stressing
to the second one which is double important the third one so
even though this coming from as as you know trendwatch market research i don't

armed bizarre minutes from the functional design we sat our target
where you just have to move it a little bit to get it to power up
i mean and the advantages and disadvantages if you have an l. c. d. display
l. c. d. display it's because it's

components design this is
these are all things that we had sort of addressed before but gonna
with solar battery says and we can use a latex cases if we have a solar battery
so i think we want to be aware of not making things over a week

but we're designing awful thing see wanna keep it
but gonna take each one a little bit separately here as
but we also have these options of using the kinetic battery like
i just to tell i don't know

not quite what that is but that's the description
but i mean in order to get to all of them you know
the one i have doesn't have the foreign you like or i don't think
like to make it different fruits

to replace and a simple to shaking around will make it work i think that
i think that would be a very interesting thing but
i'm thinking great more than like thinking and your hands and i
think i'm envisioning more like you know the material like you have when you said megabytes of also it doesn't hurt

hard to us as being used in the space program so that
so that could be quite interesting space each
me that's all i have gotten so far alright
so you hold it in one and when you press

we wanted to be simple and
a it's also something that you can kind of feel your way around the buttons are
as if you've got a small t. v. and it's sitting on the other side we thought of it a little text comes up
very some questions to us would

like i know i use that often enough
maybe is that separate from what he was saying
something grabbable i mean we don't we
horace is right

which can have integrated push buttons or we could go all
it's i'd appreciate anyone's input but that's
and they pick a first could be spongy latex where but the

circuit board and chip we can have a simple one a regular one or an advanced one depending on what are
depending on what are other needs are and then the battery
and then the battery i think is worse things get most exciting were talking about long

so that might be something wanna look into and i'm really
that curve gonna make one curve would just be like a single word of course kind of looking thing but i have no idea
but i'll let you know as soon as i get any pictures

but essentially we need to choose how is this device going to work how
they have to attend a certain amount of space and
what i'm pressing buttons are my ipod that i do it all day and press

we don't want lots of buttons complicated features we want something
he's the another example this is
but then i go back to the menu know like

up on the television and be controlled through the device and that would allow
because it's it lets you just sit there and stand control the television from your armchair
a lot disadvantages and an l. c.

are you take
for but you know like just the idea of like thoughts so few
so few buttons remain things but then i go back

that would be one of the features yes
"'cause" i'll be more specifically digital box
good point

preference but that really over the next year it that's gonna be switching to a fancy look-and-feel remotes that just
the whole designer of our real reaction company wind focus on fashion and
the third one so just to take that we into account

if it's latex see
would have to find a way to protect like the chip now i don't know
it's like five "'cause" there's

maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits
when you when user remotes you press the buttons where you're from you
i don't know if we would one on the screen there are on the actual t. v. i kind of

but then the buttons have to be very small but you think
size
where but the actual model could be taking

have leads
i it's it's fun

a specific functions or something to keep the remote from getting lost a large buttons for the essential functions a possibility for extra functions like a sliding peace and the limelight battery or charging station
and have three presentations that like to do

this is where you look at what does it take to make a remote control and
are was keeping a very small and simple set of buttons for all the features that you use most of them

so we need to examine
to be quite small "'cause" we're at that

like it just keep that in mind that these are the
we probably have to get going away

and we can make our case out of plastic them the main this'll be plastic but we have
i think maybe that the packaging it should be like a lemon

buttons for buttons we have
for buttons we have push buttons which is

most often but we also have a scroll wheels which can have
aw it's quite easy to

or solar battery although
it also have to have a kind of back light in it "'cause" it to be

chip to keep our costs down
so you have buttons for your favourite channel changing the volume

if they don't need to be "'cause" that'll keep our manufacturing price way down that's what i have
that's what i have for option it's

it's double curved like would that be like two hands kind of time
would you think you used to think you'd be able to hold it "'cause" i think

some imagining like double curved is like you know like two sides that curve gonna
thing but i have no idea

no wonder
i think the l. c. d. screen might be good in theory but not as useful in practice

i hope i didn't go through that too quickly
i'm assuming that's a kinetic battery isn't gonna take up that much weight and at the titanium

i'll just a broken question on
latex it's a spongy and softer on your hands

and at the titanium is very late i know but other than
making that we get all the essential functions in the device and the extra functions and the more advanced features and of course

any other questions
i've saved it this in the shared project so if anyone wants to look and i have

i have considerable notes on the topic as if anyone needs any more information
image me ones when they were doing that anymore

just a minute but if anyone has a specific
but if anyone has a specific question some has to email me or something

know were concepts of user interface
it should be like a lemon and the

so we need to determine what the essential functions of the device r. and make
want something that's a good kind of model over we could have

it's very minimalist taken this design r. i. uses
"'cause" otherwise you understand around but i

that the main features of the ipod the things you would use all the time
the buttons are the different shapes and you

and "'s" i think it looks pretty
which is something you do all the time when you're watching t. v. and the button to switch

is and colourful that's and like it's a
could we go in fruit and vegetable colours we could colour currently

but these are all necessary functions are
i see my gonna be making quite a small device

and it comes up with the this thing of what's on each channel i mean that
but it's covered with the latex it's a spongy

channel i mean that's also a good idea it's you can
it's you can do it does have its problems as if you've got a small

is ergonomic
there should be aware

just a moment
it's key press and what's more

summary that was market investigation on remote controls that was recently conducted and then also
and then also some fashion watchers in paris and milan comments on some things that are gonna be go on this year so first

they're sort of mine has to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it's fancy look and feel and
that was quite good design

it's quite easy to such a thing like care of that
shaped

be harder press a button
or the push

i usually hold it one hand maybe
that's your all purpose select a button right there

me so what can you just explain that was rock
so decisions

i'm so we'll go just after three o'clock a

a minute or if you the minutes of the last meeting then we'll have your

then we'll have your three presentations on the know how to make a decision

the know how to make a decision on the remote control concepts

concepts panel close

opening armed bizarre

we sat our target group it is a hoax who can afford it would because we have

international be on we said but for all age groups different functions of it i mean objectives were

i a lot of fun doing it components design

a remote control and what should we make our specific remote control out of

so we need to examine each element separately but we're designing

a whole the main elements of remote controls in general and therefore ours as or the case the buttons the circuit board with the chip and the battery these are all things that we

separately here as we figure out what they should be made of what they should look like

of what they should look like

that would be our case

push buttons which is what real reaction uses the most often but we also

or we could go all high-tech in have an l.

high-tech in have an l. c. d. screen

were talking about long life batteries here we can

we can have your sort of basic double a. batteries but we also

kinetic battery like are used in high tech watches where you just have

solar battery although there are slight complications with solar battery says and

but that's the description that i receive so

so those are options

here's what we've been talking about all through fashion and simplicity so if we're going for fashion

so if we're going for fashion in our cases i think that what we're gonna wanna look at is a curved or double curved case probably with a variety of design elements maybe

but i'm it intrigued by the idea of the scroll wheel if anyone has anything

any ideas on that i mean i know the

i mean i know the ipods and things right now have touch scroll buttons which are exactly

i don't think would be such a good idea because how

because how often are you that your remote control get a certain amount of a light but

but i think we also wanna go for a simple chip or regular chip to keep our costs

technological if they don't need to be "'cause"

input but that's what i'm seeing for the future of the look of this thing

i haven't received any specific

some imagining

i know if we do have a double curved case it can have any titanium in it

but the titanium they were quite they're marketing quite hard to us as being used

space each remote

just adjusting the marketing kind of and

just all things to keep in mind

a broken question on the weight of these different elements have you know

no idea

if you need that yourself you can put those on our contributor out

a new book that way

we've talked about it's a bit too essential properties of the user interface we wanted to be

simple and we want it to be fashionable

however we've also got

we have the number of different choices for a design concept and start

how what kind of model

what kind of model is a going to be for user interaction with this device one

one switch i was in concept for its week and then design the features of on the concepts making that we

and of course we also have to make it look

we want something that looks and simple

simple device this is an ipod from apple

it's very quick to access the main features are you can just about

if you're watching t. v. in the dark or whatever you can work out which buttons which are not

so i like like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often so you'd needs

so you'd needs a few buttons to select your favourite channels i mean most

i mean most people when i watch t. v. they have two hundred fifty channels on the t. v. and watch

and watch out for that not the most so you

changing the volume which is something you do

are you can't have that there's no point

there's no point having a television that you can tune all that you can set the contrast so we need to find

so we need to find a way of including you somehow and

and one of the suggestions that make is to aim is to include them in the menu system a bit like on the ipod

we do they have a small l. c. d. display on the device itself or

and that would allow you to access the advanced features are was

so you'd be allocating an l. c. d. then

and an l. c. d. display would have to be quite small "'cause"

it "'cause" it to be tend to watch t. v. in the dark but

the dark but you need to be able to see your l. t. l. c. d. display

alternative is to have a an onscreen display on the television be control for your remote control

a bit like have a have to use some digital box is where

box is where you press buttons and it comes up with the

but that's a design decision that we can make

i do think that one of the important features for a remote is seen a menu and seeing what's on

on and so like favourite

but i think you do need to have some kind of function where it's you have to you can see the title of the show or possibly description of like i know i

if it was all l. c. d. on that on the remote i don't know that you could from the you'd be able to see a

i think we're talking menu like contrast and tuning the v. c. r. or something i've understood you could rather than menu as what's on

it's something to bear in mind is that if we put the display on the remote control communication is one way

one way you can't have the television send information back to the remote control list i don't think i'm not

i know of moving on to market acting

anything that's a big "'kay" right

so we're gonna walk

so we're gonna walk all over the trendwatching

i was given an an executive summary that was

that just goes back to the whole

look and feel and as these are range the top one is double important to the second one which

i don't know how much would be that they really wanna take away also

reverse it but if we're working this company that i there are what we have to stress fashion the most but

but is this you know you need to be a spongy material

and i pretty much sums of it

an idea possibly my email and

make a spongy remote would be easier on the hands

it's kind of and then it would have to find

and it i hit my understanding

hit my understanding of old latex cases that it's in fact hard to protect inside but it's covered with the

it's there's something to be said i mean we got that thing earlier from you about not wanting it to are repetitive stress injury is and things and

you know something grabbable

so something and seven this is i

it doesn't hurt you say have one time i am imagining

one time i am imagining that sort of thing but

that sort of thing but else called

we could colour currently time but

fish or maybe like

couple main ones being like and lemons or stripe there have been

the buttons could be fishy to

could they be smelly

i it is it's best to be shaped like a vegetable or like i don't like a carrot source

a carrot shaped

care of that maybe

like a large button that sort of thing

i see like a round remote instead of like a rubber button down one like in terms of holding it like that so if she to a fruit i just

kinda like to detect

it be harder to that but it but and i think be harder

be able to hold it "'cause" i think the reason that one is

one and when you press the buttons are fun

and you find that works quite

i the idea of a we all like five "'cause"

it what is it just for buttons or is it a lot

or is it a lot more like a scroll thing

it's a scroll it's

five "'cause" there's one in the middle

any each version of it has been a little bit different but

and you press the centre button that's your all

that was quite good design

and this one in the centre that's not my

when it may be good for us is "'cause" like you could have the same we'll sort of fact for like channel flipping and then the other white could be like for but you know like

t. v. i kind of them wanting to say on the t. v. "'cause"

on the t. v. "'cause" if you're changing the brightness on trying to see it happening kind of and

and then you get some available

i think it could be difficult in practice

we have with fifty minutes left so

but in that side is when we need to make decisions about this these kinds of things are just

we move on

good could we can we have changeable covers like for your mobile in different fruit and vegetable colours

any more information on fruits and vegetables have to haul

i used option

and the packaging it's like the p. o. so instead of opening

kind of peeler in the remote control so

i'm mary there are no but i

option

the components

the components concept of energy chip on print

that's the that this is the agenda they gave me so what can you just

to sit this is a lot of energy i'm thinking is based on a battery

i dunno what do people think

what do people think about this kinetic battery idea

i think it's good as long as we consider the cost and have a lot but it is but i suppose i never

