we would have again three presentation from a few and
no you are you gonna sell
and i don't know but i think you they just the speech or gotten to the recogniser can be would i know
and most of the things i have to write myself on the board but you had
it's on the baseline this
this is just so one thing i wanted to mention and show you that it i just i just phone base that's
the main the energy will be taken from batteries that we can
and if we decide to use the speech recognition there we must use additional source of energy which i
and the main board so we have the interface to the microphone which is somewhere
and the surgeon it is though i the good news is that
the good news is that we can we decided to use the infrared you need because
what do we have to take care of the t. f. t. sponginess
maybe it can have to share is the heart share that inside and this one you share those are
think at the t. f. t. screen
this i mean there's seven seventy square it easy dot
so i think we have a lot what to take the sheet
and it's are so we're already kids to the size of the and so that was the device
to the just the point to the energy is things if
i suppose that the that this remote control wanna be in the room like this where there's like the thing than that people but
and it should not be very maybe also and i pre

that's our company to develop the seventy seven thing or sort out
same here interface to the
all the inside so it will be very cheap for us so
top what maybe what keys the size of the batteries
so like three to five centimetres i don't know exactly
i think they're doing a larger someone is not important the only important
so we can use night like some do a six you
do a six you can take that into some d. c. d. can take inside and easier because it's designed for your fit at eighteen didn't work on your finger shape than your bottom shape still

from a half fashion people in paris and milan we've decided that this year fruit the fruit and vegetable my teeth would be the most important thing in clothes shoes and furniture so
stick with the police shall presentation on what true
from my point of view i don't care about though about this the material used for the overall this though of all the device
so for the same price we have for screens

so pre cover and their remote control fits into the finnish you can agree and also i
usually some more by phone call the dialling number of parts so
to be honest i was
five centimetres but since it is

i don't know yet it's a conclusion
and that easy to use and
fanciness first and then to you know a half as important as that is technology and half
but if you want to look at the screen and bad i know

it's a conclusion when you are right control needs to be something that's really fancy have lots of technology take in technology in it
wants a smaller remote control
with big buttons instead of

which i found the best is to use the solar cells which can suppliers think i was computing all
once again there were all requirements one to seven centimetres
i think it's events of that one only seven usually when they say

how big is it reality
seven to seven inch yes
so all five to ten i think it's feasible and the kids

have we decided that we're gonna use this t. f. t. screen
but it's a range is but
it's a range is but i think we can get it

no i don't think it's a one by seven i think it's events of
do the banana is big enough
or it can be like to the shape quite said it with curves

sell it if the role the buttons on the side you don't have to teach like that but just like these and you know for phone
the only important thing is to be a bit to take it in inside and easy so
and bad i know

and after us to discuss about sources
l. c. d. so no problem in an interesting
the television lights

what would you is a shape or what would
touch screen
but for now if we don't want to use such kind of screens i think be using bit smaller screen is better because

five to ten it would be feasible
five or ten
i don't know but i don't want to now and then something new because we didn't discuss about it so

so the wheel of a smaller
the prime use where for the meeting amount of time so we can add something
that in mind or something

but if it's square then we get four screens out of one like i think it is but if you want
i'd like a shape screen i think that's more
like more divided by nine that

the goal of this meeting is to reach a decision at the end and the concepts and
but so in the at the end of this meeting we have to reach a decision

so who wants to start
have to check what i want to

important as but again two times less important as the technologically innovative mess of the remote control
what is it means point g.

and also i the feel of material this is expected to be spongy
something easy to use you said something easy

like soft or something yes
sponge i

easy to use easy it's at
that but it just sit in size for example in

easier and maybe they just like some voiced some do a c. p. g.'s easier to take inside and the
is it can you hold at all

for example in this sliding ball rolling to the if you put it in size then we can easily manipulated to calm so it can
so maybe you can finish your presentation and after us

would i know that it can see with lots of energy but if we
and it's just one courts from the main boards to the screen which can be elsewhere so this will

sort it may not be very useful will but because it's new people may buy it
i was computing all the things related to the speech recognition then it's to use just a two batteries and source also so no problem

could you please so then we'll need
each one no probably the first one i'm not

to first one
it has to speaking i was thinking that it was seven centimetres initially but it's

this is the that i can used so the
so the this will be like that all the role scheme or overall requirements from the engineering point of view

all set power circuit here the main the
if is in there if you do the banana

interface to the microphone than the graphical card
than the graphical card or for the t. f. t. and the surgeon

be which can be spongy but is to be this size and the t.
can you feed in the for the burst fifty or any electronic device in a spongy feel know it's there any problem for that either put

i just use new one maybe technology new technology
it's the screen to be a square or

what are gonna be the size because it's
be the size because it's with gripes use what going to use those features and so on for example if wasn't

for example if wasn't what did see if we choose to lot of smaller device we can choose is that a such a screen
that is the screen is but the board that's a problem

touching a screen something like a
back to you know something you touch

hello this meeting it's for should be focused on consider are designed of the remote control

and i think the last time we talked about and what not and we had to ralph idea of what she's going to be but so

and i up it would be fast because i would like to have time to for a long discussion and then decisions so

can you know to my presentation

and number four

press a mouse

so so they i just whenever the t. v. and see some recent results we've had from looking at this some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world

fashion trends we got from talking to a context in the fashion industry based in paris and milan

so if from a market

so if from a market research they come to the conclusion that a fancy look-and-feel as opposed to a functional look and feel is a number one priority fancy

fancy is that you know how desperately secondly

secondly that a remote control needs to be technologically innovative

so this is number two party but it's two times as important as the fancy criteria

and said that we easiness of use is the is important as but

had three our remote control reflects that so in some way

sort of squishy

so now would be good to have it related to fruit and vegetables with the spongy feel and

to use and from our last meeting or you know if at the covers that what you know whether our colleges that we have to reflect the look-and-feel of the real reaction company

easy to use easy

at as much as important and technology of fancy and it's less

and it's less important right

and half important as technology it's easy to use

so i made can you

stick

i think the biggest are there will be the easy to use feature we'll see

number two

just could you please check it is first one or it's

i don't know it's the first one second one

so i'm going to talk about the need to be able to how this remote control should be a hearer to be more easy to use i think

i think i think the feature easy to do is more important than being fancy but

being fancy but we can discuss about it that later

generally in their early this remote controller that should be something get in mind when you the first feature is just to be easy to use so

to use so they're more frequent buttons should be larger they should be placed

they should be placed in it would the position you know inside the remote control and

and it's the i can conclude like this that we should end need to learn how to use it

should be you should then need to do this all pen did the board can the start treaty and learning how to use this this the remote control

control so what i've on the as i said i think it's better to put a more frequent for the key buttons which are used small in a meeting of the remote controller and they should be bigger in size

and the shape of remote control should be innovative each can do it should be taken easy to your hand it should not

hand it should not be completely like thank you it

thank you it should be it should have around age still then it's easier and maybe

and the whole still of them because customer doesn't like to buy lots of battery you should not so i can assume lots of energy

and the my personal preferences how they say just put think these buttons in a special places

places and colour some buttons which are not to use that's much like settings button like mobile phones usually some

of parts so we can cover these button on which are not used or a number buttons for the for the can't china's and just switch

and just switch of one change or just which can channel change but some of that are in the remote control and need the user need

and need the user need it to do some more complex task they are here you can hope and the colour and then changed settings or something like this

and also i think if we put some some buttons in the size of the remote control it can be used easier not

easier not on remote control i don't know

control i don't know if i can explain that but

so it can be another for friends and

but if we do it's in some way that you to sleep so then that is no was signed then they need to take some sign it may you consume less energy and i think it's

and i think it's wood because it is something new and usually young people like something new sort it may not

i press and i think they should be a big difference between a bit is something otherwise

otherwise they prefer to buy something which is coming from a famous company or

that's mine

some good news for me for me from on that but then he's from

but then he's from all for this lady this spongy design ahead and make it as an engine

and person to

or sort out one's seven

seven inch t. f. t. screen which is good

which is good news for us since we wanted to include the display there

so i probably draw it down the overall scheme this is this

first think is so this will be the overall shape not

not i'm not speaking and all the real shape of the device but the shape of the inside of the device so there will

so there will be some circuits or for the polar

so no problem there can be

there can be also solar cell

the main board with all the circuits will take at least seven to seven centimetres so this

so this is my like how the requirement for the rest from the design so at least seventy

so at least seventy seven

it depends where you put to your screen because the screen is so

because the screen is so seventeen so it depends anyway great but it doesn't matter it

but it doesn't matter it and it's

so this will be cheers seen and

because our company is also a develop the chip for communication by doing that right so including all the inside so

us so infrared here so though

one to seven centimetres for the board which has to

and the t. f. t. which is seventeen she's

either put in a creek out on this board you think can i can imagine it could be a problem

all these things in a in this box are to put in any shame what do we

sponginess maybe it's a good features since it takes if it's around the t. f. t. then it's good because it's just keep students say if i dunno

maybe in put a critique in a box and spongy thing along she's that when

it's maybe realise it's a very right

can i ask a question

these seven inch t. f. t. screen how big is it

usually when they say seven inch i think it's a don't know

but i mean even that is still like this big

no problem because

problem because then the size of the graphic art will be you want forced so

but no problem to me to get the screen

is that you can engineer

so what's the size of the device

is in from my perspective seven is the president's and it is it still

but to we wanted to big buttons and like that and no

because if it's it too small we can use it at home know

what's user wants a wants

i saw that it should fit in the hand or something

a small control i can

instead of that's it

why i think sell it if

that's not task for me but

for me but so one to seven at least but

what to take the sheet and today so

and today so i think see some more to can use r. i. d. and i think decisions up first

up first i think in and she said key program because

because it depends what can we have as feature if we use only batteries for example or something that's that because can we have

because can we have a c. d. and speech recognition with battery and it's

if we use the batteries and the additional so solar cell then it's for l. speech recognition and l. c. d. so no

but we have to use solar cell otherwise no

that's using how many batteries for example top what

i was thinking just come and a cells

so if we use that solar cells where is the son if someone's looking to be inside

doesn't need to use i mean it's just the daylight know

at least when there's t. v. you can get like from the t. v. i don't know

i had to compromise no

that's why i wanted to include the speech recognition "'cause" you want it all the new things

it's quite innovative yes

and if you watch t. v. outside it's very useful

but i think before talking about "'cause" i think it's important thing that's the case what

or what would be the shape

easy so let's say an average size and it should not be

and i pre fair to use speech we don't have a uniform shapes or

shapes or in the me then it should be a detailed be seen or maybe so

shape still the general shape should be like these i think

these i think yes it a centimetre by seven is sending that are you said it'd be too large so

large so i say then let's say then but that's safe i used by a ten it's i think it's that's my opinion is easier

which is the same area

could you redesign of board

five to ten but

we could put the board next i'm the l. c. d. and for example

and for example make the l. c. d. be unrelated to this thing that you hold in your hand like holding

like holding something in the l. c. d. to be just on top or is there are some more

but maybe let's stick to those spongy thing like one unit five

half past i think face just think would be to all of us more on a t. v. it's possible

so the wheel

it so using some l. c. d.s you can't are so we can remove of keys and just a having to fly don't know the name of the l. c. d. responding to of fingers touching

like a detective

so let's go for a smaller a c. d.

so just you just give me the five by ten numbers that you find the best and senate me a matter

so five bucks thing

senate me a matter of the reckon

so what about it's still the case we talked about

you said something easy to use but how does that feeding the fashion way and i should we fruit and vegetable and the boats

and the boats that core or noblest i was a company and so on now can we do that

my first ideas because a court a small yellow and is that it should be easy to take in your hand at fault about ban an hour something that's which is fruits and

the big but i

that in mind

it's a fairly obvious to us with the colour of our company have a lot

have a lot of the fruit and vegetables do you know

but it's just an idea i

just an idea i don't know what to think about that

do you know there any other for and vegetables are yellow

i don't know if you can feet with the technology your suspicion used

your suspicion used and

i think this person was that was

but if you want some shape then we can only get like two screens out of seven to seventy six so

it's like more expensive to of shape like that but i don't

like that but i don't care know what if we see this requirement

screen i think that's more important than saving a bit of money on the t. f. t. screen

and it may be the banana could be it like a big so factor that and then the credit card common ones that

it should remember by now but it's not doesn't have to buy it to be of reasons size and exactly the shape and

common ones that

