so and then i usually that was keys but we know that
i really was talked with that
my personal feeling is what when this one is eight euros we must like how can we prove it
and then i mean what you must just see it if we can still
and trends
you call in the idea of using the removable covers on this or that up with
know what that then we still a four
the l. c. d. screen
does this table
when be either do is the key is actually if you see so it's
and furniture and so the trends were

i would say four of "'em" listen
like city than
we discuss three days and write them
options because they are expensive but
is a value you don't see their feet because
this is all the numbers on it
as in it's the same shape
actually we have to to check again
and that makes it more killings more for

it's a lot of you too to summarise our meeting that's it i think
that's the records i will take not c. n.
adjust which is also a better than the market actually
actually that's what to do that today you do and it cost us to
a design and dear
it's it's sixteen fine
that's what are the budget then
and at the end will make an evaluation based on that side is an average the score

that and the battery there
is that working
was against it still it wasn't working is a small
night that the feel it that you'll is a value you
so it the cost will is what
it works
so in that case where it's fine
enough to

day so i read have
that's on top of the sixteen or as a part
they only have a innovation is the shape
red does that look and feel can also technological innovation side the up to
and and the second one is really instead of the art in terms of innovation no
no with many it more functionality is an

that we really should stay within the budget off the twelve euro and fifty cents it's
don't take get too much or the colour because
that's just also we should also consider look and then
and then it looks quite conventional
what ages are actually clear including

can we have a phone and some
crazy this design
is power than the funky and they all
it was there a button price range of that kind of another one which at the same thing that i can imagine it being applied to the video graphic

but maybe the design i can i extend better than me but
and together which evaluating this we might come with new ideas
this is the design d. v. d. the latest price for our production that's a unit for several components so
killings more for any fun to way

the on off button right here would be
but the main point we you we don't want that we do money for true and this
and this a basic do that the at a star system would be something or three francs but i tend to see
but there's a there's no actual innovation that or sisters that our remote

so those are costs is it actually a bit more it's
then it's o. to budget but the
so i have a way as liberation and
the minimum is just a safe fine

were so i would also say digits or but what do
that'll they would say a two
but then when you use used to it is quite easy
say kids to

there's no no negotiation possible in this matter
the demographics of
that wasn't that's got the l. c. d. screen and

but seconds of board and
and you're supposed to suffer to brawls twos of t. v. maybe the where'd and it's
it cents

and the other one is for the teletext or something you want about to come back to my turn
it's a very basic alright guys are
ideas i mean that adding things or the removing a lot of options because they are

this time i really was talked
no it to you easy to use
that should be in fact i think to be i

on a d. v. d. player to television i
exactly it would do and to you and demand
i did you can change it so

you can have a integrate the microphone or here although
one's got a screen functional and as fancy as they were looking at it's
that just think twenty five euros i mean

use it but it's more robust at the rate at and you have
that thing is the left "'em" under cheating "'cause" if people are left-handed
it's quite easy get immediately

have if you have your more ideas we can add more some more keys if you want me to
the we should stick with a number of key is because it if
is because it if we add too much and

and that sort of it's a like a blinking landing
i started
i it's fine i think night that

i would say two or three
consensus two or three two
so it's fine

side the up to seven for innovation
maybe sometimes people get us get with the number of buttons
because it's now so that could be one with a one on the buttons as so

it's very sad how that's how to do graphic
would we also this week and can consider the forces making this more attractive to grow
spongy that mean that it goes you can do whatever

my through its place again
in there and that but then you have a cover

that's it i think it to be in very important as the eye was i mean designer i think you've been proven that he's
that fits in two eight euros which might seven eight euros and

it's really know what went design
here we will just to we just have to continue so

so that's the records
and it's easy to use this and

first thing i was i got an email from from us to prove again that we really
so what is what the innovation this call the

maybe and then you can have your presentation
innovation this call the l. c. d. screen

are the first of all both to have a a special shape but maybe the design
now we are supposed to use some more of a person like that

or i don't take get too
he's looking tail innovation

so that the l. and then what you look
none of that c. s. phone and i'll have to

we'll have to fall yes it really feels
was that was it was gonna say price

i read have a then you see the only sixties but don't worry there
but don't worry there are more they're doing they're double squeaky that it easier

you have and then other than that you have a channel up and down and they'll still balls or it's mould or
or so paul was on top and

top and then there you can you
you can you have a l. c. d. display here and

c. d. can display what do that on that and
don't see their feet because at the phone number that's it quite inside now on a base notes and by that one

you want or the speech recognition and that i don't know what are informative can be the displayed here to be on the on your display and here
field but that's just also we should

of it can see like there are you running out of the battery and reuse it can be
and then do it for the company motto i find the fashion trends and put it into the product as

but it in there are when this is closed build also a cover up the l. c. d. screen
but the l. c. d. screen i mean it's a very a all in high attracting feature with

feature with shouldn't be
actually it then you're watching the t. v. and then you're watching anything on this into that you hardly get up what is this is a year you know

a year you know
as liberation and also the evolution criteria so what's important to look what

and you have a good chance is
if people are left-handed on these other hands maybe it won't work

or as a part of that
and they c. d. makes it better

around a lot the size and that's right
be before dark talk about the money and what's possible and what it's not possible maybe you can give our give this you or

side is an average the score those items
these are things identified as being important

those are the three things were the look and feel innovation an easy to use the three important components it to integrate
it to integrate demographics are using those things in the right way to go to a demographic and then

is for your mike at that euros then we have a
my personal

i've received the framework which we can do this i mean
is the rabbit wouldn't pick it up with the senses

so we can a see where the prices if we need twelve euro fifty cents a
maybe we can start with this calling this one

we did this is the first design
there is no innovation the first one compared to what existing the market right

one is a perk depending
we had a pack to get it tested the c. v. s.

when we want to include i'm
to make speech recognition

i think the look is better but feel if it
no but except for the design of the you should be there

but feel if it were so
is it actually the user has to put some effort to do use that it's really it's not so

there's nothing at that
i think it's more of the field

that's that's quite innovative
when me and you maybe sometimes

to make speech recognition
it on to be one would do we need actually

it is a very i would say three
really it's not so easy like this one the more

that's all i think these are not yet
are we go with three and that one

and people chance to decide to use a cheaper one
to get a flu we should to settle for millions of this so i think for this guns we need the l. c. d. screen

not exactly spongy but what do
but what do you wanna nokia's it's got like you can have the individual buttons as got just

maybe it was the pen supposed to do the states

probably in one hand

so that is important for him to be here

you'll get work together it did you

we we designed to a items

and first thing

when you stay in school would

you stay in school would wanna you don't stay in you have to redesign there's

so we have to consider that

that evaluation do we have a design

all it maybe then you can start now with the beginning your your designs

i was taught by the basic one that

and at what are the first

and it's kind of interesting shape because

shape because and consciously people want to see too so when this t. v.s that i know so it's not too

our results

i know so it's not too far from i will buy

so people i used to that kind of shape or i

much or the colour because but

so here would be the as a infrared it's a led and i

led and i it

here would be the volume on the left

to be easy to turn on and off and

this is it a very cheap version so

cheap version so there are maybe you can

maybe you can carry on much you

also so you have a browsing the cannot speculate so you can go up

so you can go up and down arrows

if you have where do you do all or something you can all work on that

how can you change from v. c. r. to to you by the way

where is my mum this

is my mum this thing at the

thing at the more to do is the t. v. one moment it's only

do the standard do you wanna know about

keys but we know that is a very high one to ten digits next

next two or four having i'll give you an option for a hiring more than one channel

it's a very basic mean the thing which you can

which you can adjust

and it cost us to build it's about a two euros

except for the special shape be certain board it has a quite a conventional layout of buttons

that what the volume control that's good

there are there the magic one but then maybe

one but then maybe we don't want to talk about that too

you do this to use like it's like a big machine and the fruits that most of a weird thing to go to the future can tell so that

so it doesn't have to have buttons

yes it really feels like a mobile phone

that and then the the more alert that's more than they use

more than they use a lot of functionality are in this day so

and so they have more space actually and

a so this is a standard

so this is a standard euros an infrared i. and then you have

and then you have a power button and you shouldn't what one and what you have and

here and you see the functional thing which

thing which can change

like is that a switch which could

which could see in the function and say you

instead of having many switches it

and then you get feedback friday b. l. c. d.

this is a i want that and and microphone

although that and they're here so

what l. a. t. v. did like blinking one of it can see like

and reuse it can be useful for the locating that was talking earlier in there

then you have a cover with c. d.

c. d. you don't need much other than this ben you need you

ben you need you can use it and i didn't use that

and i didn't use that is the first lady that

is the first lady that the more we want you can add that kind of thing to do is colour is not

is not a design

and this is the production do the l. c. d. a. beginning you colour to that and to use the production because

the production because then it falls down or something it is it's easy to use it but it's more

i still weights you have to see in the components to put inside israel

so that segment of eighteen years at the speech recognition

it's not the cluttering up there it is

was this on the side

it's can have the l. e. d. for indicating your battery and that

location

landing and keep it as a

we don't need a racial buy the products when they stay

just we quickly if it if we

quickly if it if we all already

so is this a list of criteria on the thing that we identify the thing important to sell in the product

and write them as a group and at the end

so you wanna go through and do is on the table it's not don't

table it's not don't discuss them further and then

discuss them further and then evaluate them

no i know why not discuss the discourse it now

the first one was really very fat low budget we do want to check the price

we do want to check the price down of their products the point that would just have

point that would just have high profit on that is for

it if we can still spend this for a half euro and

and to work because

because they're the selling price is already by fake quite fixed on twenty five euros

so we just have to offer as much as value for the customer you can have for twenty five euro

easy to use

start it

what we can still discuss that so

i mean did you have p. c. b.s excel sheet

this calling this one

a perk depending and

ones that and seven is the best

and seven is the best that one is true and

so a scale of one to seven

so look-and-feel

you already feel that pretty much i think

in a in my opinion do we feel it's just use very good it's very good in your hand so

in your hand so ha i would consider two or maybe even one for field but

my opinion but i don't know what would

i will give it may be reality with the video design

with the video design these like the that's a serious you know

the look is fine but there's there

maybe sixty or

you should for it like this not like these on new

no i can get the batteries none of that c. s.

i think it's lost a battery

and tried to try out the one

no this is the rabbit

working is a small whiteboard marker that would be picked up

that would be picked up on the actual whiteboard

the types of missed that saying that

i hi

i'm doubting about this component it

it breaks in your

no i put this in that there's not going to work you actually it's a it

is that led actually leads me

actually leads me to be coming in it so

it's it'd be a better there so

be a better there so it won't be really in all control shooting or something

but you can push it again you can push it

maybe it won't work so

no i it's not protruding and the u. to go in but

i'd say two or three that one in some way

it's a base it is you do the same thing actually you'll

you'll be back to that in this

are actually clear including like a location kind of thing i try to find it

or sisters that our remote control

is an can apply and nikos the the bottom part

and all of the scrolling buttons and then you know and for a for another device behind it

could pretty that one or two weeks that's right

don't go to two options we discussed and we discussed

and we discussed one those imagine a mono that the budget

it just escape to discuss it as you all designed it and then

so it the cost

all designed it and then we will try to get it in the budget

will is what what the cost for the first one i it's yours

and this one was sixteen years

sixteen euros

innovation for this one is two one

wipe this one

it is recognition

it is recognition is a very good innovation of a that's a

it is here with the speech recognition

he's using speech recognition

it given that works that is that it's

easy used to it but

they're used to it to me

so that's maybe at the two for ease of use

this the other one is quite easy so though

you do it has more functionality i think it shouldn't be

i think it shouldn't be for the use that a lot need to activate it shouldn't it is

so maybe three or four

easy get immediately that a lot of that

so it was talking to a four year olds that

what i would give this wanna do the old people like to

so should they change that demographic that is power than the funky

and as it were and some budget that to add a few things that's right

but as it is now why would say six and

maybe "'cause" it's so important you see each was written that agrees to input on the the look different than taking care of feeds you die gets the right range of people right

i but ready to sell it in the market it's pretty cheap actually

this can be cheap whatever that was it was gonna

it's enough to

we have a concern that we need to set twenty five euros

but not in all that and extract a euros and that one now the number one

euros i mean it's not gonna be cheaper

and the democratic demographic of the second one

that that and i think it's better

because of the l. c. d. screen was

d. screen was really not be all on the on the

on the you had a number

so you l. c. d. screen

you l. c. d. screen attracts yes because i

especially if we can then have an l. c. d. screen and load range but that's good

i think it's it has more mark it actually

as i this is the speech recognition as and that makes it more

the c. v. s. to tell you how good

fine a point in time

so the trends were fruit and vegetables and the spongy feel

it's funny to be part of the feel the buttons as by some

each other but a point about the kind of spongy buttons and

buttons as got just don't want it on that and so you can

