but what we're designing or the remote not design
the remote not design the t. v. so
or fruit not just for the user design but also for the just for the look and feel of the remote as a whole you know you
"'cause" i mean we all know what a remote looks like on the outside of

and then they're gonna look and the shelf and they're gonna see ours is the nicest looking remote it does what they need
it does what they need design
we need to i mean have a few designs to look at and then come up
need to look into whether we can do that but

gonna need just every remote mean we need some kind of
there's no need to have them the remote so
work i think the largest portion of the market is just gonna you know they lost the t. v. remote they need another one that'll work with their t. v. they want
to disagree though i think our market niches people who need who've lost their remote or
buy can we sell them of remote they can maybe guarantee they will not need to buy another one and so with

because i've got remote and i'll take it
but it takes a bit ease of use of the remote that's an extent you have to

and we've some basic components that a remote is gonna need just
so those are the basic components that need to go into this and everything
i do think there's some basic features that we don't have a lot of other remotes are going to have

time where i'd be inclined to go back to a problem i think it's a week let's just cut down a profit expected on this product because we are actually branding our company here we're selling more
here we're selling more than just the product
design and i have a problem selling a product it's not the issue

remote and we want it to be functional as but i think one of the
the place remote that then
i think of how many times i've lost my remote i can't find it so some
it so some way that i can find my remote lights clapping my hands or something and
maybe not a solar remote but instead
kinda remote you have you've
it's all technologically if i understand it at t. v.s t. v. remote walking exactly the same way that you remotes and d. v. d. remotes all you need to do is
so how many remotes that they wanna buy can we

going to make it even if it's necessary or not if you're given the choice between the two remote west don't think so without open it really if it
remote that then the place we're going to justify that costs is to design to making it a sleek elegant high priced basic remote is that makes
it what about a remote to it's it doesn't maybe look like remote
maybe that could be part of our design exclusivity if we make a remote that doesn't even look like a remote it opens
a remote it opens like a telephone

we're kind of in the middle of the market but what i'm
but what i'm saying is right now we're middle market

things in most people want one get to amount of actually having to go to the to this to the television into for instance team in their stations there's no need to have
but as but that the remote is it is used for television so
so if we make the cross over in we're gonna be television on computers in word them are losing the necessity of the remote it's
i'm just thinking you know with all these universal remotes that are out there how many people actually used every feature that are you
in were coming out with one remote for television only answer
because there was just a television remote i don't
that if you're in the market for this alternate remote you're not gonna go for just a television remote if it can

i that i have to change the end cost because can we do that with that the changing it twelve fifty per product if we can sell more based on that
a product once you have a finished product i'll find a way to sell to worry
we have a bit parrot that does products we sell
products we sell power about the product so for example

but my concern is trying to find a marketing niche for this product and if i'm
product i don't i really had to say i don't see the market niche for this product at this price i don't
can i do not see the market niche for the product that they're handing out right now i don't see it
limited that's why i say i don't see the market niche for this if
for this if we if we are going to have a product that work for d. v. d.s v. c. r.s in everything then i can see the market niche but we
again i don't see a market niche in the middle for our product yet i don't

so we're gonna be removing the teletext out of any t. v. that we people use a remote that
and you could page the remote if you lose it maybe there's a button on
and so with this kind of system or locator or something to think about how have people than losing are breaking a remote how does this happen
a remote how does this happen

the last remote you ever buy
and then design the product maybe some kampala of the product that can identify this as the last one you'll ever need to buy

mean i'm the industrial designer
we have to for you get to a more specific design phase for that
so function design
remove it or you know make two separate interface designs
it "'cause" we're designing something for television
euros and come up with some really beautiful exterior design something but
can we have multiple designs
all sell whatever you guys design and i have

