a team and you some money that then we can maybe it's
so you know use my presentation
maybe match you can use more information on that
it's a very good today
it works what you don't know the store all channels in their remote control you
and the display requires an advanced chip which in turn is more
which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip but
what kind of things to me inside you wanna stay inside
i understand when we want to display we need a expensive chip but
but when we you want the scrolling wheel we also need to expensive chip so i

here because it's really seem a project a team and
these two men is
important as the is the kind that what things we were discussed really the
so i go with the fruit
of that so i can choose that as i wanted to maybe to fit in with the decor and living room all just what i like that or stay whatever and
that's a really good idea
to mind is when you're sick or something then it has to be interrogated side
so the didn't have time to the method do so what i've found
big event like the remote with the l. c. display for holding be as

maybe we can come to that we can talk to them and you can come with that you know
adding we we need just six or facility wars and d. c.
it may need more actually so you
so you may need to check your back to use a six it
and then you'd need that some fundamentally did you get the back to the beep and then
and then if they're better than it is syndicated we feed could be in t. n. t. k. that were blinking something hand
hand it can't in the colour or depending on your how much to the battery of that is
of that is good enough to you and tier if you want to
and i say if i have time to the one

i will take some minutes again
which is very important and very
easiest i had no real visitor that is this maybe just
maybe just a idea of having a look or functions be at the top maybe bottom cells and then
and then maybe we can go as it used presentation because
or like that idea
also if it's in a dark or we can detect it also
they doing with cars i think inside the car

this is to do this know what the market and
selling so many units at this is the
this is the mean that's one of the product we devote to have two or
it so it's a limited vocabulary and staying and very isolated word that
that it's it isn't this thing and the storing that and the tool wall eyes are either of itself programming your keys on the display for the browsing which is
in for coming back to a one point you want
we need to find a solution what what keys the much you love the cover we want to use if it's plastic
but i think with twelve euros a a it's a major form for minimum items then i think we could be able to there are so tool

i hope for both with some more work concerning conceptual design
we don't add more and more channels come then you know more problems to remember the exact and the numbers it exactly but if you are a
got two different types of are you from way of using the components for making a remote control
the basic way is to use i'm into it and see bits and some out of the stalls was on it or is it still that aims
or if you want just two or programs you take keys
it's kind of law simpler f. p. g. a. four for four member device and we have to insert i think we could
exactly for customising and

use a also be made for some reason
today we will look talk about the conceptual design
i'm to have every time has to come down on this price again to
it could actually be used to detect also if it's in a
the components in themself than that caused a lot but
i think we could insert the one that could on their sort of functions of

and that's the presentation
and it's very clear
like the idea to be ideas the right in the dark so either having
to the led that we do that was meant to the receiver and
could use a display so i'm wondering i think we might be able to integrate it is c. d. into luck all seen and
we have to know that the pushbutton requires a simple chip but

comes in i see
and it's some research for the cat design and fashion trends at that moment and
the front line
does solo not the table colours so you can
it may be there to keep taking the batteries so you knew we need a

i sent you the slides to
we use so but the screws have a switch out what you
a switch out what you would be last time there is also that and it's
will stand out people will buy a
there so that you made me that they have i read about bunch of different buttons as for we use in to be did push buttons as such as more that computer a mouse and very cheap a c. d.s so they could use a display so

and that's one you look at just the other aspects
you have a multiple functionalities the t. v. c. r. or something i say it to the t. v. and it takes that t. v. and you can program the keys if you want to second key that you wouldn't that and then formation
like you teach at the minute limited one and the president
so i'm using the t. v. every time i use it could be like for example i can
you said that it's you have some ideas like ford veg

which is a game and maybe
which is adding we
that caused a lot but the other way to add some butter everything costs or just need and then
that aims at communicating the message and twos to sends a message to the to the led that
idea we could have one main chip that could hand there are it's good as p. g. a. chip that could and both like sporting would use as as a as c. d. and

then the list and again in the that it was twice as important as last aspect has to
but it's it's real
and you know the components
where the components to use would have different messages the consequences and

your remote so that they're not a mold or two goals set and channels which you can block them and you can altered that so they said that
and for the designing of the co a colour layout then it's better to maybe see that too with the u. r. x. u. i. expert so that we can
so i can design something without you all agreement right
of course for example and i wanted to know like if you want to have a lot if you want to have the l. c. d. display or there or if you want just

do you think these ideas and i it's speech recognition in maybe it's possible for twelve euro bennett
twelve euro bennett then it will be a cost of all are functionality we might a tremendous lights be a d. v. d. furry i case of the
and finding just to say that you can detect when a keys pressed and then
and this is important and

so we had a look at way what we can do with our product to make it stand out a make it to do what about
and of course it will be we get to it works we
and the fire point but it is we have that's a compromise just to do so

is that using some other ideas
back to technological in innovation not quite as important as
not quite as important as still a big issue we talked

then one of the five because the button you don't use as much either hidden away all of a separate
i would say that for priming keys you said it could be is it be don within the pick it up to five euros bad
so either having the buttons so you can really didn't win them all at eight at the bottom

maybe we yes we maybe can decide later on you did you look and feel of
something that would be very good to meet those
good to meet those covers can go for four three five euro

it works we get a after still something that
like for example i can use a simple problem switch and the display so i
is the with a good idea like instead

and they could be of brain size as if you want to do i was i use a particular key more than others and
others and maybe like you can have different colours for example having
for example having the right for the on off sitting on and off the buttons so the

like instead of having it you mean in usual ones for all of them you can think of having but multiple functionality possibly with speech recognition and i
recognition and i got "'em" in from the other coffee machine interface unit that they're
that they're they have are integrated the c. speech recognition into the coffee machine and so if it's a hollow

and then we do the show you my a preference is the end
so i take the new parts are some but on to printed balls because
so i think we all fall our design want some that problem a bird you know the e. v. l. s. i. r. f. p. g. a. a high-tech energy and

so i it just so that the components of the race of components has to be at least did and
and and i some be used an important process that has
so that we can it's really a teamworking

to get rid of
how cost effective it could be too would that a chip could do we need to do the programme of the things

this'll be an agenda for the meeting
and then try to come to decision is about the concepts you have presented

so and that's the one we have someone
we have someone forty minutes it is

i was intention i'm just like this
we talked about having a way of finding remote controls as being lost and that's

i think the much too easy for them that might do it here because
change chip so we'd one expensive chip we can internet several complicate it or advanced features

do you have presentation ready
a big not functional at the rest of the thing that my that much

feel of the meetings that it's very different from everything else that they need to stand out a big
but if you are a bit by a colour you i mean did you still have the problem to remember exactly which family want to

that much hope on remote control or in mind that we need to have some that looks
that we need to have some that looks interesting look exciting that will stand out people

has to have something else about them just to look at that be like
to look at that be like that and think about inside it's got something that i want as a really page and it has to make

has to be easy to use either
be easy to use either have to be out see the outlook and has a intuitive idea to have a user

this is talking about this to the p. l. s. i. programs know about that the bright colours eye-catching really ball designs and the spongy feel
what the shooting you know

a year
like make it but if it starts

it starts and use the current things and you can text or that
double lot of wouldn't that so we can leave

that they're what's the rest of my which are spongy all text a little so if we make it
so if we make it that maybe fairy all soft or something those lines it's about round

sex or do we just talked about maybe it's a
so that fits the

of wouldn't that so we can leave rid of that is that
each key and and that's

so they don't have any comments our ideas on that i think you
and they could be like buttons so

because you might have some information on the easy to use to
i agree

but then that i for having a more do then that we do different keys that and there are different structure of the different forms and
that you can program your remote so that

other but there are some common keys for example
and for you and you met one you don't want separate

you can if you have a multiple functionalities
still look where we can talk with the coffee in it and you can

so what functionalities do you suggest for that or fixing this program
so it's like you teach

so i press it so that this admin t. v. or d. v. d. o. want to repeat it up and t. v. separately for keys more the
more the functionalities willing to leave act release and for

you don't want separate these are all of them you can't
but that can be to them friendly that you can program

in it and you can check how much do is it is
and know how much discussed maybe we go from cheap chic

what i'm gonna present here is very and basic knowledge about it or that the components that inside a see your remote control and how we did manufactured all what is a process is to explain you sell
that if there is a set of components in in our remote control regular

so you use that and finding just to
pressed and then used to answer to the key to a sequence something that morse code as you know with the different sequence for each key and

of "'em" to fight to make it stronger
so i take

chip so i can be used change chip so
exactly that's a very good idea we could have

supply complicated to get rid

so i suggest we start

i suggest we start a meeting without match to use a

will have to presentations of a few different d. numbers and

and as part of this

really the most important but that was the look and feel of the meetings

that was twice as important as the next item on here which

item on here which is that has to be technologically innovative has to have something else

and it has to make them wanna by the end then

drawing on the fashion trends of them it's a fruit and vegetables this is talking

the spongy feel that you talk to the design people about this but having a

but having a remote is textile it feels different but really don't make it stand out

don't make it stand out

you can you repeat and maybe more precise what do you just said

spongy feel

round is that plastic which a lot moment

the front line guys very the most important aspect was the design to cost us so i

go with the fruit and vegetable idea that the bright colours so i make a stand out kind is in the bright yellow's in the dressing colours of the fruit and vegetables

ten x. the idea of taking inspiration from finds the what

table colours so you can choose what colour the outside as a follow

a follow that that

maybe it's a about doing that so if it's part of the

that so if it's part of the changeable colours in it maybe i can choose a different extra a spongy wire on some of that so

and yes the taking inspiration

yes the taking inspiration from the mobile phones i'm that's not be the weight the mobile phones work away the key pad looks also

also i just the way that a lot of industrial design is going to mobile phones at the moment the big selling

the big selling items double lot

the other aspects like l. c. d. screens and speech recognition which words i don't think my personal opinion going to be worth the extra expense an extra effort to we're going to them but in a better

but in a better baseline basic like this which is

very important and very would be a really feature to put in

look and feel of i've was a good idea

was a good idea maybe two

to do people were true as you mean

yes the changeable covers but

but on the other hand i don't know whether much to prayers would be so glad way it because

glad way it because it you have to introduce a complete a new one line off all supplies it would be

it would be very complicated to a organisational

we devote to have two or three different designs the ladies

alright of a set of three four different aspects

then we could discuss they don't like

we can put all ideas to the other

to get any easier because you might have

to use to do or you mention

and yup a caesar did it to mind is

so what i've found was that they're kind mostly the gonna from the mostly that the t. v. c. r. is it system all the good ones like to be and

ones like to be and they're very specific to each other but there are some

common keys for example if you want to forward a v. c. r. if you want to forward but it's the minutes from that and then we'll see they have a common thing it should be you can have and

there is also speech recognition and the store channel information names like

and the president market i saw it that says something like they're looking for a keyboard think a two word wish

two word wish and read that defeated to implement a like a g. tube and it works

remote control you want this chose still your favourite channels

we can try my best

some them court and formation in or you don't know that's

in or you don't know that's store all the haven't had time information to that

and a big event like

for holding be as you have multiple functionalities for example you're watching

for example you're watching a movie and you that having you do a solo remote control and you want to you don't know really reach functionalities maybe what corinne so i'm using the

so they said that for the t. v. to see in the market scenario so pleasant i personally

i personally would look at things like i mean you know so the more is

and so if it's a hollow coffee machine is this how you or something like that to do

like a machine is not too many would it be using that's a look at it

it wouldn't be using it so it's a limited

a game and maybe having something like a blinking being like

like a it could indicate to you were it could indicate what it's called like the but you have in a battery in your remote the blinking at the same then

at the same then if it had a chrome it can be used to locate the remote also are

you want to that they use that for i mean the key is some of them

i can add them to do that

than a than that too difficult for that we

i don't know if we still on the ascii to be easy to use that's

to use that's the wood price

d. it depends on the easy that's like the user how much effort you can put it like for example the

it like for example the i would like just audience up and they tell you if you want to give

tell you if you want to give go for three them to the user are

are you want to keep some kind of things and the led the user use it with that last thing so it is

i know but why do you have it so it's easy

you have it so it's easy i think you got me that's right away with that going in that customising at all if they want

all if they want to they have the option of using these extra features

him to us because i'm not read that we can implement that for twelve euro fifty cents i'm to have

solve this might be a little limiting them for your creativity but

no have considered so

bad for the a. s. r. c.s them i'm not if it's easier to have this or

why they couldn't still look where we

it is very easy sell overcome very it's already implemented and know how much

you know and i'll let

and i'll let you can think of i mean it's easy it in as a remote and maybe

a remote and maybe if you had a little bit of a wood display it may be there

so you knew we need a some kind of indicators so it could

so it could be a blinking option of a l. e. d. or it could actually be

at eight at the bottom or something

it can be fun to pope was is like if you have

is like if you have an l. c. d. display another thing it's not going to be the standard remote which is

regular and what cost the

you know the components and the circuit board boring buttons infrared led if it for the components

and the chip since that singer signal to that was just a lot of "'em" to fight

because it's easier to must produce and i some button and

this is important and so we use a like in any a high take care of devices a chip off like fibreglass to some of them and connect them

might does the design we need

if it's plastic you said

maybe that maybe we can give the the case of very the normal that's very normal case but we did changeable covers too fancy it up so like

so like a normal cheap plastic case which can be covered up in or is this a wooden case i mean

but the score we're at and that kind of a high tech means more money which is a higher price range right

so tool to sum up

that has to be taken into account and

so i can design

so in that case you can even look at the technology what the mobile phone is tied to use with the p. d. a. that

you have added a lot to do with it that might truly how cost

so i think we could come to some decisions now at about this so

so i understand

so when d. more expensive chip you meant there is possible in the given that it's maybe we should go for the more expensive chip so

