be the cost might yes
think that's important matter
and then we will close this meeting and
and off this meeting we'll we'll have a look good
a and i can you do we have present if you don't have pressed
we're not able to
a lot so you use a remote control quite frequently while watching television
fifty percent of users say that they only use ten percent of the buttons so
so that a remote control a lot of functionality but really
do you do have to say information on the web page is
have a web page yes
with this it's probably easier if you put a new was thing that
a new was thing that he is
these numbers of have to be taken into account for the most user interface and functional design
one day goes on to talk about just which is interesting is
because it down many numbers and we need
numbers and we need to select the constraint of our design there's on what is more important
when they take your chair i
yes you can say take much
it you don't have to be near the t. v. at all
i like that idea
called say that i was going to use it so
so that looks
which people can press and
press and then gaining a button and we've acting them s. h. which is being sent to the t. v. and the
but in the present scenario use that you have said that the keys and you
did you to controls
the time for you do you can just you know
know when you come back you
i like it was try to make you know that's remote that's

you mean the so target group who wants to get
you don't have pressed think
i can talk about i have my slides
probably cut you know honesty i just
is it easy to do not use it's
and the only twenty six percent said remote controls are bad r. s. i don't know how
i don't know how we it's got that common thing that for r.
i think that or do a doctor the doctor says but this
i mean so rubber with this it's
to do it's not going to be see so easy but
so it's to summarise maybe the
and so that's a big it was talking about the different demographics and the thing is talking about
the components i agree to draw here is that it's
overwhelming
what are what i was thinking about the schema about to be sender and receiver you can you
of course we should take that into account and the
v. remote very hard test the on off button and that one and change and the keys for the number and more than one big you'd option and
and if you see for example they're like no but use in that one there for a more than one digit option is what would be good it's just like ninety nine but
then they said this is a standard
but it then it has an open like stalls and then you play the movie or or four five for the movie or something like that so it has those are these are the sky
in that case it and you lose that the function should be able to pick up there we see are often and do
are often and do the play-doh or you can also think
be in infuriate coming years you might even have a system where you are a separate proceedings said balls and

i see off a lot easier
we'll see agenda for this meeting
he i will these anti agenda which would which slides to
so first
first of just to mention i will take notes of this meeting and
see you are the secretary or so it's
i got from the account manager i
manager i try to work them out they were quite
so that everybody knows even if you don't have a very a technical background what is it because i think in the product is important so
i hope we're get a clearer view on what the remote controller use in terms of technical components but maybe
it getting just buy a problem like it and plug it to you know you
but this is a question region of we have to see later but in
first thing is teletext is known feature of televisions but it's
that's especially because of the internet of course so

my method for designing their that would design first the
as it's important to take into a rather user requirements from the marketing expert and that and
he is a really large you of what we want to we want
we want but on off button you can
that can be it may be too technical for you bodies are
with them either have to look at what they're doing inside so what's the user
that's a good idea is to send the message to the t. v. set us
and sends an entire thing and then because of
and then because of the v. c. word so
that's so and i have said that this keep people are interested in things which are you don't need to press the keys people can have
people can have the speech recognition but this is a
and that it sends that message to the t. v. and that
so there are two all kinds of remote if you open only in the house or actually so

i mentioned thing that this report was born up is that
so some way of that location the remote control would be very useful to a lot of users thirty four percent
thirty four percent said it takes too long to learn to use a remote control the was like it's easy
the was like it's easy to use try to way more intuitive perhaps
but we can always change
and we have nots able to change it so you
can you can just walk it you don't
maybe we can go to your presentation that's why i should we were
that looks is that the
are these are the sky and then a common belief on remote controls and market

of course we energy sources and the receiver or a receiver this is
this is a very few "'kay" design use to
the sole what i've found and after lot of work actually i was use i draw us for you it is scheme are that can
is it your of always a compromise with a really g. an a if it's expensive but
this one also really are we able
the receiver is of course already in the television and
do we need to decide on and how far we go to the in this

meeting so you will get into
or potentially
and i'd first to give a quick it a very simple introduction of how does it work so that
of course it in the chip you know
should be kind of forty plus and then we can problem like
there mean the hardest recorders that i've seen "'em" in the shop

then i will bring in some of some new requirements i
so it is used but not nearly as much as the channel selection is used
so these are important numbers that it's
numbers that it's not you and i need to take into account for our function or
thirty five percent to thirty five to forty five
five for eighty percent for forty five to fifty five and then

the customers
i've just been pretend with some research we've done a small focus groups a hundred
groups a hundred people disaster that their remote control uses habits and what they want the remote control
hour channel selection is used and sixty eight times and then there's
and then there's things like channel settings audio settings only used very infrequently

i have my slides or anything
fifty five and then i percent fifty five sixty five
detail about that but these are my preference is to use a kind of components
but i think it's it's already there mean the hardest
said about which is good to sit there and that it's going to do that so for me

know honesty i just got a web page this entire that
is saying that use is jay really dislike the look and feel on their remote controls
eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy
current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user
that's handy to the

and but we what we can do is the i don't think all the chips inside and choose the best chips and infrared birds
but you should be kind of forty
you could think of having zap it you can
mean you can go pretty far as i think that which functions and possible feature but

are out reconsider of idiom a t. v. so draw this through all the things so maybe we
usually it has almost all the keys all of that and
works they've got say maybe a. b. c. r. a. t. is a separate thing
said balls and there you have a something like that you don't use up

my which then change the channel on the d. c. r. and reagan the t.
in that case you want to browse firestone postal you want to have those kind of functionalities
is it i kind of next generation that function ideas
it's the next generation thing but it is

when you come back you could just sit on that thing and want to program in that case you
thing but it is going to come in couple of years it's about
no you're not making a know so them and we're just looking
but it's good to keep in mind

perfect of course
we will a in a minute we will start with them
you have a standard t. v. remote very hard

thirty four percent say that too much time to learn to use new one
i should be able to actually if i had to you know
we should do we want what are the think of functions for this remote control and they show you the

and we don't know where the state of the out of speech recognition is maybe you know
easy but we usually it's going to be more of an isolated is that it's
yes we'll come back and

the big function of remote control is to send messages to another system that is fixed and
and so an energy source
an energy source feeds an integrated circuits the chip that can compose

yes i say s. s tools
so the big

s. virus that repetitive strain injury
ninety one

and he would pay more for that why that they were quite useful
do you have numbers on that

because down from that seventy six
and the thing is talking about that is the l. c. d. screen but there's no

the line width
get it really depends where

maybe mile keep you can you be of your presentation
alright i stay

i would prefer to have the functional or probabilities or whether then fancy stands up and fight you don't use it doesn't work so
you can be it simple but these things

this is a preference but we can always
they didn't they ended up to do is do you can just

you can get back to
that's the receiver

know like it doesn't have teletext option i can
i can without any it's a very simple

and reagan the t. v. so is
v. so is it in be like a switch on the remote that says they use a t. v. you use the v. c. r. or does it not which

so that's just ends my presentation
you then you don't need to borrow it's three and online

five euro and you can see what am i want one and then you
i have received some for some points of thinking over of my account manager and

that's sort of meeting

of this meeting and i will try to work them out and different are you

also makes no so the previous meeting and

and i was about to send them you but

about to send them you but then i had to go to see same meeting so you will get

then i hope you all have worked out from some presentations about about you did the task if doing the previous meeting

we will see in which order will handle them off

them out they were quite abstract and

abstract and we could have maybe have come from discussion about it's about the functions and

in this meeting we should really try to reach a decision about the target group and the functionality

yes i mean so who are we going to that button to sell this be the cost might

it's probably cut you

seventy five you seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly

seventy five percent of users say they zap a lot so you use a

but really were some time and use a small part of that

it's made maybe you can send an email to me layer

so there's a breakout

there's a breakout how much see the functions are right control power

power and volume selection are used a few times within this per hour

teletext is used fourteen times in yellow so it is used but

is that that is fifty percent of users report that the remote control gets lost a lot of the time in the room so some way of

too much time to

but this is the opinion of see to use it so

that's the report says here and then it's got demographic

and then it's got demographic breakdown on

maybe you gonna produce a web page online on the

it "'kay" it's a web page and see it's a five

time

otherwise you you can connect this one

one thing is doing is talking about speech recognition remote control

speech recognition

i'll just stop

we don't do we don't need any buttons on the remote control should

the remote control should be it or a bit and speech

even for hinged

i think that would not works so you would have both options

you would have both options

it would be solution for when you're remote control is lost i mean when it has

i mean when it has beat recognition then it doesn't matter where it is matt what's we should be in range or maybe

or maybe it can response and produce a sound so say where it is but they these

but they these are all quite fancy futures i'm

futures i'm not whether we will we can make this for twelve euros and fifty cents

but it did terribly

then it's it's a very small vocabulary know you want to build operations like you want to sit on off one two right

but it's quite noisy you there is that the t. v. reality

do you have some more important factor for

factor for can we do with the next phase

this is not talking about if you pay for speech recognition in a remote control would pay more for it

ninety percent of the fifteen to twenty five euro market said that they would pay more because down

from that seventy six percent for twenty five to thirty five percent

it's a decline

it really depends where we're gonna be starting this product which will be too bad

which will be too bad that i think

left

perfect

screen but there's no it because on that

no you can wedding

you can move it

we can move us files

i think as everybody knows i'm being a industrial designer

and at in this presentation and this quick presentation but is gonna focus on the working design of the remote control and i'd

that can compose messages easily us through it infrared bits and

and the user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages right

so my method for

the main point is that i would wish to make a really function our product i

and they show you the working design so

it simple but these things important and so are you willing to to balls channels as as all the buttons that come off till right

in this but you have the remote control the sender and on the other but the receiver so that's

my mid thirties would be too when i'm amy

when i'm amy would be to you designed and choose the chips and the infrared components to beat the remote control i

and the sole

for you bodies are important for me you know

you do a long time and

and it's so i won't go into detail about that but

and why do we want to this kind of common i mean

kind of common i mean i've it cheap or are

i've it cheap or are they reliable what's

reliable what's or your

but a dealer that this one also

that's it for the working design

no we did a this is a preference

so you must adapt to the receiver i suppose

receiver i suppose there is a standard way of communicating televisions

who use a infrared for the colour using you get infrared and

and of course we need to adapt to that would require that already exists and but we

problem like a diary has these are the design a remote are out

but can control the other things

to the t. v. in the next how much are they allowed to do that at all

so you could this one is they didn't they ended

not i think from my we'll consider this a did you think maybe

i should we were finished a it's

a little i don't think i think mine know

i think mine it's

the clinton so i'll be

i went to talk a little bit all of the technical function so

function so what actually it's a board what do the user going to do with them either

so what's the user is going to see from that called say that i was

us and might have wanted and it will be decoded

and it will be decoded by the t. v. and

and the u. c. d. b. e. d.s easier to have a keys are buttons which people

said that the keys and you press it like two point four and that it

but tomorrow we might have all wanted to tennessee remote controls are two hermit can have to close one also but

this is a standard one with without any fancy thing you

it's a very simple thing did

and then you had what's there we go remote by a bit is like

i'm out what i'm i've got a base my which then

it you can have a key which would then we could go to the b. d. o. thing but

you use to time to in that case

in a few days you'll be in infuriate

don't you don't use up with your model builder what some program and actually it downloading all the time for you

so it's going to record your things and you

things and you'd need the functionalities what you need in both the l. e. d. or as as in the standard t. v. thing

and we're just looking at their give it a scenario i have a t. v. and

i have a t. v. and two more i'm going to have said about which is

i can just turned on line five euro and

account manager and i would like to share them with you

but it's getting used less and less

so we should think about it do we included

