one or so it's a microphone array i and you know
this is the version it becomes a l. c. d. you
them and it's you just plug in it and they can have
and they can have all the control they want him if we also have
them as had would be that some breaking the material
and then because of the shoe because and using the device so we have also i appreciate the of t. v. programs by john and
so it's pretty powerpoint that's
so if you sum up everything wouldn't it the l. c. d. from each guest to that you have to press for clothes for plus two
it's about it so the total
charles tell you don't entertain him
it's we don't do it'd be changed
but we have either impose from the public demands i think we
and this or some of the findings and
it's true very fancy with colourful
with colourful and very handy to hold and the second thing is
and if we go to the next slide here you can find
a sponge
we can make a study on this and
we have you have designed to pour x. no one is that
one on the scale of the l. c. d. remote control car the look how does it look like is it a very
why doesn't look much fun stage and

then the next time you pick it as
but here you only have few buttons but you week
buttons but you week and the same powerful function and it is but in addition
the first one is a speech recogniser i detachable
i detachable or add on and then
vocabulary so we didn't definable company so
company so it's up to the use of the define so
that thing it's quite clear from and also
and also like do it and offencive designs maybe again
two dollars for the for that i've done my to use and
and finally three rows for the charger
it's better that way we should
i think we can improve on the design and some of the store and
we had before goes all this time on be on the technical aspect functional aspect but also the simplicity as for the
and which would you recommend easier to use with the l. c. or without l. c. d.
the if we have less technology will more liberty to for the shape and things like that so

the last meeting we discuss it be conceptual design and me
which shape for the your presentation
we have a presentation
so we come up with two versions one beep and
a in a the voice shows you did they he they use the same charger
a year is just the major or for the kids and the
and the if the parents want to watch t. v. have to come up with them and it's you just
of the combat that's a lot
so the price produce for the simplest one say are we start from four dollars to produce such a device
we don't have charger
so the total cost if you want all the fiction functionalities will be about the fifteen that was
how do feel does that with the l. c. d. and without l. c. d.
as for the design maybe we should higher design a two

design and me ask you to create a prototype or what a remote control i
you the first one it the beauty for the l. c. d. display
is it and only a single mike or microphone
forty
charger r. and d. v. to i don't need to write then the next
it's the same things that has i presented before if you
if you we have we have a four buttons for navigation press one
press one button acting as a enter button so
that's about whether it would allow us to produce the microphone and speech recognition systems
both so i will give of five six
five a. l. c. d. and
i mean that's what you are so that's what the design

it's a final design
so discuss you
smart to go would be to meet
it's the all our camera microphones the microphone
and for the materials that is cheap to produce that thing it's
no we don't we do the charger that's
but it's just if you want all functionalities
of course and that we could put l. c. d. or recognition to be more technologically innovative and
so i think it should be much more customised it's to make a different dutch shapes and
and the second thing is and if the material the really do not want it to be very hard as in the case of ready to a plastic or titanium it should be some more
so finally we have this to be criterias one is fancy
look much fun stage and say three or four

so i can show you the two prototypes you
you can choose direction and and
the microphone picks up the speech so for many years
it works
year before that area there is on the think about them there it is but
we also have that this module for old people we big buttons here you know the end of
now we come that important features that i did not tell you the first one is
and for reach of the product you could just you made a scale according to this
so i take three on it the city so without
so without l. c. d. how would you rate it
d. so that's why we have the power and audio

and the you can and just goes into the the navigation menu by text the joystick like but then you can
and and if you just push on it's consider like a rat enter function
do we have on the side here the microphone for the speech recognition system here and
and here and the switch that control if you want
you where you put it in the side
no was or the rating for that
what type of battery

so that's the best idea of the combat
powerpoint that's i dunno buttons a reduced because of this feature
or we could do come to some final conclusions
we have you should find a material that is robust in the same time spongy
so now you have it l. c. d. and without l. c. d. sell
would that the functionalities
it's cheaper to produce

and if we if we optimise is don't know then how
again i do that you live is is it you say and durable one again
and thirty is easy to use
for the you know there's an aspect i feel that what a small city you know that these of a problem but compared to the existing proper but that we use all in the last meeting is that r. i. d. or retrieval of t. v. programs by complain because or
we can have the more complex design if you do a one in that

we can watch want to
they company's not willing to invest more at the moment
i still selling these twenty five euros
adding the easy to use a space different for different people for
for the young generation easy to use may be very complicated because

but it's just a prototype and if we
the course of a reduced
so according to what you said it's more robust to the user
it's the same charger they can use for the hand phone but

the to the can and the production costs we can achieve about to ten dollars
if you like it exist
add a year before that
just explain the button

it's kitty take this
to use because there are few weeks and the buttons and
without l. c. d. and the door speech recognition you and then our
you and then our product is going to be regularised

so and if you want to charge a battery you just put the remote control like that to peg in the charger r. and
remote control you if you if you want to have more power on what you do and we channel you want to choose and so on
sell on the scale if it is true if it is if it has a fancy look you could just tell me one or
is an innovation so maybe you can put

and it be additional functions associate that or the actions and then you have
d. you present another version you've got the l. c. d.
simpler we just to put the microphone so
spongy

this is a new prototype
so we have the second dash and also with the different a button configuration the so
the so the notion is it's a simpler we
law there's a buy us a document because we designed

because as a major she does that
the price should be below twelve and half euro that's
but as the marketing manager say is people use women two people are willing to pay more for good design
so without l. c. d. you want to put that at the same level of you know which are

so would not mine will explain to you
it should be some more spongy
for will give the scoring are we are so all the parties
and for now and innovation we have a simplicity and

and the shared folder
so that's remove it
and you have all for the users who for l. c. d. but you did they give them the l. c. d. we give what the customer

so i go there but this than three
something like that to a preset is that it's
alright this button

because we were no they said that with the one that they have an l. c. d. on because is too expensive so
can produce a set remote control for about for that out
according to you know

one beep and one without l. c. d. "'s" but
and that the line is easy to use
and so this and paris and then also doubt detector this trends that above this year it's going to be in here for kinda stable so

and then it a triple a. or it on parental control more do
and here is a little switch that control if you want to the speaker or recognition system to to be not off
of the tree we use about

and you know it's just a single
and the innovation is very high
but you have the same programme on the t. v. screen

it's just a single microphone and
how much so it's close this one
technical aspects

this button is like the malls it's like a joystick you can move in train
you can move in train a sixty degrees of direction so we
actions and then you have a pig you know doubleclick or nursing a button i

so i'll sing to the led else in the right defines other functions so
so you would do is a single button but it is pretty as flexible because of the trend and sixty degree more buttons
on the l. c. d. is this one on the remote

i'm not the most likely that look the deadline it not
it's it's embedded in the speech recognition system
we can wind up

they i did this in the charger in a the voice
i think we can just want to my presentation and
and in the markets the people are not really interested with the l. c. d. without l. c. d. b. it's speech recognition interface or that a speech resignation interface but also the

the end of it acts like the previous one you just
sorts so i had there is how you know it in s. included if we make it with the l. c. d. u. them in
so i mean in the part is and you could just a minute to make some thirteen euros so according to four corners

that's a lot and you know they show and in this design now we come
and this can be used by the outdoor by the and so
and so you start using the channel you are choosing the t. v. contents of the night so

should go one again you pay for when you get and then
and also use the programmable channel and vocabulary so
say that we have a seven point scale from one to seven and

so is in give a legend depending on us or at the users
that does make this that and without l. c. d.
for boss it's not the same innovations you

i think it's are more easy to make fancy things when it's not complicated so
so removing the l. c. d. gives us a bit more you'd have to you to have a fancy look
six let's go for six

in that sense off in a way to mess with the l. c. d.
without l. c. d.
no actually to make it with the l. c. d. you make more sorts so

we'd take them or knowing that technology you can easy to use the product so i would give
'cause that's with the l. c. d. just increase the price and that i think
because they will be was a lot of control's a lot of buttons for kids

so let's see what did you prepare
so can you go on to the shared folder

it's in for example the beach yes
one you just plug in and it works

where the charging so it's no problem
so one battery

i can move up down left right like endorsing
kinda stable so people are really interested to see if they haven't read more in the shape of the fruit bowl of a stable or whatever the like

i think it's not a good idea because
so the price of the charger include it in be

and if you'd disable speech recognition system then
and maybe said they charge it with this

but again depends on the parts i think
i think we have the investigate more on that but

pay more even less function he easy one a reasonable price you pay for the functions that you get on to the system so you so
so there is bases function and

feature for example you see is there a bus
is there a bus them as had would be

demands i think we would just have a tough look and then
and then we can make all statements time we can finalise

spongy c. seventeen
argue i would think that know a product is has the best in law

so these are the of the criteria up on which we are going to be a little remote so
so and we have an evaluation criteria for each one of those say that

but he cannot display all on the l. c. d.
and the depends upon our design so

and that i think that's a minute so that are tested it will be
or you can just go back to the previous slide know where we have if we walk that's

that but there are all what i'm trying to say here is that the we have different sets of buttons for different kinds of people so
so we come so easy to use i think it's very use a customisable use the customise

and we are both agree on some of two versions of the prototypes because we

but come see if a charger and

and detective the big buttons for people

display and it's and the

it's a cost a microphone

microphone and in that

in that i think we put it here because i think when you are browsing your l. c. d. you will be close to where it's better to

where it's better to christian down here for instance and here is a

and that so this is my remote control comes up read its charger

this prototype p. z. made for about whether five fifteen the fifteen dollars fifteen to us

how many battery there

on an excuse me

is that the two eighties great reason a

a rechargeable batteries

we talked about of course because we have to

try the troops where the charging

because we have to talk about

what one battery

actually a it's a flexible thing you

is just the rose simple battery or a change of if you like

of direction so we can make a problem and it

like endorsing so

idea because after maybe one or two months function use it's in the story you do

and there it's also cheaper to produce can produce

and i think the for the points here to have an button to find it charges because

it's a standard more do you want so you should get for each price it's

people are willing to pay more but they company's

and the price of production

these are the one on line with the special features

come out of that thing that make this the controller chip is that it is more do the so you one

so you one more function you pay more even

function and if you want more at u. k.

something customised

it's pretty flexible in the price

you also have the two other might use for the prototype control

that you can have that true but i do your remote control you

the idea

the idea you the conceptual idea is that simplicity and powerful simplicity

simplicity meaning that we have few buttons powerful

powerful use that all the controls with the one you saw we saw earlier in the meetings with lots of buttons but

but in addition the simplicity so

and then we also have security feature for example

that some breaking the material what was the material again determine the true

the titanium and so it's very

one again because is a the trees you can choose that's a better for you one meeting young maybe

meeting young maybe a good one but

a good one but you can press it should go one again you

then you get the point is a robust to misplace a reminder so

so when you finish watching a t. v. and you they did you do not the t. v. at and this is the message coming out that please put that back to the charger so

or is it that's the remind the part

maybe again proved more the design i and easier to

what's the last six to produce

and easier to

i think you can use excel

we don't have only option

he has a inputs but we have

time we can finalise the product based on this

so the marketing made an evaluation criteria and this or some

but also the people want that in touch it is a thing is they want to have and fancy look-and-feel it's true very fancy

and the second thing is it should be much more technologically you know a two

i think that the technical reading innovation is it is in the project itself since

itself since you haven't ship the remote who how do we need to choose interactively with the t. v. screen we just for buttons

here you can find these are the latest fashion updates and

but the problem is that the is it robust to me scrambling

one is fancy look so again

me one or if it is false you do then it looks it doesn't look much fancy then you could just any seven so

according to you would design us how do feel

look like is it a very fancy or doesn't look much fancy

some of the store and comment that this is like the storm edge suffering design we had

i'll fire also number and please

number and please

and simplicity few buttons we've and other functionalities so

so without l. c. d.

because we designed

no not going to design aspect we want to know how would do feel innovativeness

d. and without l. c. d.

so maybe you can put six seven

d. u. them in the days without l. c. d. that is not much you know it an s. so can

no you know within

i know that was that there was the issue is that what it what is the display on the l. c. d.

s. so can you look

it's got an l. c. d. but what are the display

c. d. but what are the display on the l. c. d.

this and then on the l. c. t. accord what i understand from a model is you have a joystick it up and you have a l. c. d. you just press the joystick you get your a programme but then

no on the t. v. don't it doesn't display on the t. v. now

city then they there is no meaning in having an on the t. v. or then

v. or then again you have a channels volume on all the and whatever

d. we give what the customer a once right

but i think both are really easy to use because there

and the main you are here organised so

so i would give it a six for the easy to use

no it's just if i c. d. the data i think it's better to do it without l. c. d.

according to four corners table or a

table or a spongy that's without

i have an ending the saying about the easy to use aspect adding

for kids there wasn't a t. c. d. it's similar read for the old people there wasn't a c. d. so that's why

