so going to have an meeting about the functional design
power stick
i think is in more question off look and feel something
something that should be addressed later we should
so that's takes to mount the for the naming we see fault
the naming we see fault for the look-and-feel later so let's go for this representation
so one to start
so you have your slide somewhere
requirements i'd give it a marketing report and
it seems that the remote controls have been have remain the same for the last five ten years there is no
so it may be interesting to think in a in both prototypes for right and left handed people
cut out some a lot of your market
still set for your hand but not for particular and
it's a then it shouldn't be saying that you can see matter that much anymore
and so they wanted so they want to they would like to be restricted to t. v.
actually this marketing report is to t. v. remote court
maybe i can get this in my presentation to that time
so let's keep in mind about doesn't that this last point about l. c. d. and speech record
i think even if it was within budget do speech reckon rec system it might be a bit difficult because if you
you might have some background noise in the t. v. which will make the speech recognition much
and just to a look to see if they're actually available in any kind of remotes and then also
and this remote control on the right here is one of the more extravagant but it's not
but no means a me and at on its own in being so expensive they're a lot of
no work working on television remote that was universal is that they have a l. c. d. screens which
but the thing i find most interesting about this remote control and it's kind of difficult to to see in a slide but it has a scroll-wheel on it which
change the channels
i it depends on how you market it if
market it if you if
so most of the things that you're discussing about the speech recognition means
means on a one i should be
so the working design is so user interface
but we've seen before that there is a new way of tracking to choose a wheel
that's right so anyway that didn't come into my mind so
so that is a possibility these could be
to speak buttons out of something which is really everybody's i mean the red so
is and on top of that if we are having next functionality that are willing to show that twenty five euros money which we're thinking otherwise
not all buttons normal requirements like a big courting all those things are required and for wise
next
and all of them they would just do but according and put it in the map put it in the problem message warm and
i you could actually train the remote control as you're using it by saying you know ten volume up and you press the press the button like the of
depends if it's a remote control
maybe if the remote control something that you don't actually have to pick up any more that would be a useful feature the speech recognition if
needs we need
which is a which is easy to handle to scroll not too big
unless we have some input some video input to the t. v. or we have control of the t. v. then we can actually display that like if we

i think is a more a question off i think is in more
they the younger people are they are more interested they i mean incorporating new technologies in the remote control
something you groups or you could even
much anymore as
use the mouse or
there are chip it this is not the multi
because really i think people want to be l. to find the button are looking for without even looking at the remote control
and do more saying before but having different size buttons for different you know frequently used costs i think also it
but maybe at all that you can family removal time only have one would be good
i mean one maybe one option since this is pressed to be kinda fashionable device is you know there's a certain kind of factor that you can kind of you can have with technology and maybe we wanna make
and that means we can do online changes which can be done now actually so apart
message warm and then there's the chip which is sitting the green one and it can watch it into
my personal preference was that we can have a us are sitting there on the remote control
because the reason
agenda and so we have to take some these decisions right now
difference "'cause" even if we have context we can't really produce remote controller can bring out menus on but our company's t. v.s it's just there are

so means design should be similar to the traditional ones that would
that would sleep longer
if you have a list of programmed an l. c. d. screen you just scroll for that program rubber band to a channel
this is not the multi get that's remote control where it's it's very simple there's only
know i although i do also find flip open doors a bit of a pain because sometimes they can break off or whatever but maybe at all that
you if you have the right of those are showing now how easy to use and how you can you know i never get to programme with that numbers and people might say that looks pretty easy
these could be a lot of kind of interfaces means we can have
otherwise we had just like others in the market so anyway
because i'm not going to speak into the into the remote control so
and then they could be buttons and all
and as we have a also requirements to read to use to push from too the internet's maybe just something we can
remote we still you say

i can still be in seoul extend past the hand
so fitting the hand
you should say like this that remote control being one or beyond kind of thing and then remote control comes in the picture for the speech recognition because
because this kind of thing means the speech is there from the t. v. also so
but there's one problem means then the user has to understand each of that functionality because the same
so this is the design which we had thinking so we haven't got
and then we are having the but that does with just to indicate whether the power is on top and then
and then that'll kind of things which can be so one is that button
like if we produce the t. v. is then we can put you know menus up there but otherwise
but otherwise we need to actually have some kind of something sitting in between the video signal and and the t. v. to superimpose that is this menu so that's
this menu so that's an extra

'cause it also like in english it sounds like you know them and school you know "'cause" you know men like to
there we doesn't work
quite handy no the
so apart from a speech we can have the scroll kind of thing but the buttons not all
yes if it is limited whatever we usually to know
it's a lot eighty patches that hour or something like that
the speech recognition if you can leave it sitting on the table and you don't actually have to find it then they can use
the first and what not to go to has to be because
to be because in fact as what they're getting a t. v. in fact we can use a t. v. screen as the screen to feed back to do some feedback informations about what we could have
and not that we have contacts with people and t. v. or c. d. you know so what systems that exist in use

you have good reasons for that very good
and you have to find it with missus and they improvements we could do to the car and remote controls
so i'm they admit that they should just they would spend more money in a fancier remote control which is
which is what it's interesting point
so in my opinion there my and all these mine though shouldn't be bit smaller because there's more e.
because there's more e. d.s they're more like and they good idea is to it looks like a year
i dunno if you had this information already know
so they want has to restrict the remote control to t. v. only because of time mutations
and the new users as our marketing expert was saying they can use the new bits mortgages speech recognition kind of thing

man that sounds like you know
there is no nor significant difference between the them the first know control
next
and finally the incorporation all far as c. d. or a speech recognition see stand in the remote control could also interested but
also interested but i don't know if the budget would be in that's enough
because the same buttons clean too many things
still the old kind of users would on want to have any changes it can be useful for them and
so if i kind of summarise everything we did we say it they're
they're getting t. v. we

i so that people are awarded about the r. s. i. e. d.s which is if
which is if you to be this c. d. a. same movement which is not with our not very up repeat device you'll do we have problems were when you will get all
so list people are what it about the shape of the remote control they are
so i think it would be a point to to find out a solution to any
any be any a time or something corporate to do with the remote control it i mean you get lost
and i so i found that the old people and they
people so complain because they all have the same size of the voters four buttons which are not betty use like
you say we're focusing on t. v. but still kind of like a universal remote in that as a replacement remote control or is this something for a reminder of televisions "'cause"

bad they they that they should have at the same importance and they're in the remote comes in the remote control
and then also the search for which the top rated the remote controls on e. p. means talk on which is you know a customer know written review side so
so it there's a pretty wide range of remote controls these days and
extravagant but it's not really but no means a
expensive they're a lot of expensive remote control that
looks like a p. d. a.
all the functions that are controlled through the l. c. d. screen except for the really
and if you look at them a lot of the universal remotes out on the market no work working

so fitting the hand doesn't mean much them
and then finally
wheel which i think is it's a really kind of important design aspects
like the of people to use on line which a case of by speaking and doing this
but as soon as you tried to put microchip kind of thing or something that prize will go up so these are the
so these are the slide problems

so today we're going to have a second meeting i'll make it
and we could have some like you take to have the fonts
and and also bring testing sings i have seen them on the one that's got a welcome pick it or is this we'll that we can use to navigate so
but we still haven't really to find the remote we still
for twenty five euro i think it's impossible but

control but i have new you we inputs for about that the peaks
i'm in a if i was using remote control to say to turn the volume up because i can't hear very i don't really want you know you'd run out what people are saying by talking you know one on one instead of pressing up on the remote control unit
of televisions "'cause" that really makes a big difference "'cause"
it's not possible it's possible

we view and that we decided to to go to individual actions for each of you so
so industrial designer should work was supposed to work on and so on the working design issues
issues that you
depends that it depends if we

it's all maybe we could start with the market
user interface could be of two things one is the usual
we haven't got a button and the search but there's not much and then we are having the
but you know the average then quincy off by some bottom so it's a lot

so if you think about is kind of like you know mobile phones are you don't use you don't remember people's fun be you remember the name and you're fine and then so this would be pretty
so this would be pretty kind of anything to have but
we'll have a bit of a simple a task in that we're only doing a television remote control
and i think it would be good to know if there's any leverage in that any leeway in that town that twenty five euro because

everybody's ready in good morning
in good morning again so today
to late you have

that you prepare know something for us so
so you we i also i work on that and for them are our
that i mean that would be fairly cheap thing compared to also use going to implement i think it

but maybe for the spanish for a life or
this is a look but we still haven't really
and that seems to be kind of against the forces you had a company which is you know putting the fashion into electronics so i

no objection
the scroll-wheel could be used without l. c. d. screen just for changing channel numbers easily i think even
i think it would be quite useful as and the other

so we should be careful
what most of the people of thing that remote controls are oddly battery so i'm
we had the new requirements from the sort of on the head of uses of the company and

use like for the more i zine time as or this kind of actions which are not very often bad
i think we just that the cost of
that's right but the means we have to see how much what kind of microphones and like that

something with the shape of the pound
it's like we a bigger you are having to more similarly otherwise
if we don't unless we have some input

but most of the and most of the young people are two thirty to fifty years old are really interested in this kind of technology
we still we still working on this twenty five you're price point because i think
point because i think actually having all that some of the remotes out there this is quite although our price if

so we have also to focus more on the internet aspects because you see the text is outdated now
and the final mean you should be clear that the call for each units that means corals and logos of that our company should be key i mean that you identified the park
our price if where maybe i can get

that time
the ten and fifteen
no it could be quite control kind of thing in

because if you think if you're watching t. v. you can have a lot of these background noise from a t. v. which might interfere with the
but you should be able to add deviated is a t. v. eights
otherwise it's just line item

so i think a scroll wheel is quite handy no
so my feeling is that it's rick regarding costs digits we have and target price it's not possible to goals two l. c. d.
and also to go to automatic speech recognition technology is the first

but i think also the scroll-wheel haven't mentioned here the scroll-wheel could
maybe just something we can stick to it
could we feed the targets in front of cost if we goes two ways c. d. on the remote control

no components
so this is the easy is assigned they could be sold
you have different technologies so this was

in between we view
to interrupt you but we've seen

and for them are our marketing expert should be for some specs
so what are going to go through all three of you when you do presentations but first i will i quickly

but if you have any of the names that we could decide fall just to get something fun for our project we should we could discuss quickly any ideas
of increasing the unit price

maybe spanish name work especially if we're selling
mind or whatever

especially if we're selling and the u. s. market for the spanish thing is that
maybe something that sounds in english to send funny and spanish mind or

what does that mean in spanish
which maybe it's too expensive but

'cause you know men like to have control the remote so
no man

so let's go for mondale
so he's pretty comfortable if you want to get this and on top of

so you have man in like in in all in one font and then the other was like
that's right but it's left and right hand but

the most t. v. watchers so we should be careful
you think that provenance of subsistence enough to target lot of such technology is is enough

we should go to was that was the other topics
let's go for this representation right now so one to

that's it and four
it's coming

d. i think that scroll
it's more like means that the famous speech technology switch at existing so

price point because of use a list of can't be done for twenty five you your but
you your but one possibility is to download programme information into the l. c. d. screen so then

i think also it in application and then shape of the buttons is important but also it the number of buttons so if you have too many
so if you have too many buttons it increases the difficulty of finding it when you want so

also selling the potential of the device in use
of the device in use a potentially you can then do a look like change the lights and i close the windows what about the heating on and

at existing so deeply the book would be kind of which is the easiest so you have
so you have to store some time but on the on the chip itself and that

wall good shape yes we should
yes we should bring new technologies for young peoples and

that's good point what's what
what's what we what could be the costs of could we

i'll make it back to late

let's have a look to the pattern that today

have so far as before starting i'm just going to to go for quickly to look through the minutes of previous meeting

we wanna decide it if we should go for universal specific remote control but i have new

first i will i quickly to to decide of did you name is the project so

so all i just put a bit quirky or i mean all but if you have any

any ideas

the power state

nine got a mango men

it doesn't sound record for me but maybe for

take to have the fonts special so you have man

although you don't wanna cut at that women out of the potential by is that there

because if it that it will be international

we need to know who we're selling it to before we can really decide on a

should be in practice a button for

so i really i would if i believe for a blind about what i what the prepared for this meeting

for the functional requirements and especially for the user requirements i'd give

and so i did a study with for incorporation of new technologies it seems that

they get i'm ready betty often because they lost the remote control very often so

it looks like a year or more like a

so this is the design should feed the hand shape so it

the the thing is the most remote controls are used by more than one person's

one person's and as you kind of targeting single people you can maybe

i don't know i see anyway i think it could be an interesting to really some a smaller fraction of all these remote controls short

might be it could be a euro was the design for you know was

for you know was the design which is good for both the hands that

and right hand but i don't you think that the two points at fashion one thing you're saying design should fit the hand shape and it should not be really small

the first and the powerpoint they're flashing

it means like this remote here is kind of it's very thin and long so instead of having you know you might have it kind of a bit big are all you know with maybe

all you know with maybe some something be a mold or something

so means design

and it should fit the hand

no i was thinking of sat like something

groups or you could even have some buttons like you know on the sides and everything but

course i'm just wondering about the s. c. d. that tells

tells because

so maybe is a good time for me to to bring you to some new way you informations we had

so to make you can come to your presentations right now so let's keep in mind

put some three

v. eights

i press a button to talk and the t. v. set on terms of

of thing in the required reading names this particular sequence and then it gets activated

v. also so they should be something come on control you start and then you stop it's like we

so it could just got the master a very

got the master a very easy to use the mouse

so research in this topic i first of all the sort of a couple things i would like to see in a remote and just to a look

c. d. screen except for the really kind of main functions which have a couple of the round buttons

d. screens which kind of helps when you using multiple devices i suppose because you can have multiple kind of functions different functions on the screen at different times

which is kind of like but i'm a scroll wheel which i think

'cause the thing is what what we were present this presentation that is what we want the remote control to actually do it and

to actually do it and the simplest thing the remote control does is it just change that change the channel now

i think that scroll was actually pretty a pretty penny way of change the channel than a one

the channel than a one i what i use a remote to change the channel i a very you really use the numbers on the pad or usually use

on the pad or usually use the up and down because most channels

because most channels that you know you two digit numbers and you have to press you know a special button to enter to do and then the summer so

the summer so it's just that it's annoying so i think

the scroll is much more useful if you have an l. c. d. screen and this

and this brings us to the point you were mentioning before about the internet capability

one possibility if we know

we know we need to still talk about price point because of use a

so then still actually saying i want say i want to go to channel thirty seven because i know this programmes on you

programmes on you know off and you don't know what channels already don't know what's on if you have a list

anything to have but we really need just discuss the price

very simple there's only a few buttons but what each of those buttons does something different in a different context so

so this is something else on it is really gonna limiting the number of buttons "'cause"

the number of buttons "'cause" this is that operating our universal remote control or a meeting is

it's really a may be worth thinking little evening number buttons as much as possible because really

i think maybe one option is to have you know that will fit but then door that that you have hidden mice the time that contains the extra buttons like say the number buttons for instance

i would if i had my perfect remote controller but we decide the numbers are all on it because they're just in the way they

maybe you know i although

but i think definitely you need to keep the buttons down to a minimum but not quite that kind of interfere with the functionality of the device

i think that incision to use this new remote control shouldn't be very they have looked pretty hard because what

because what if people as see a remote see that see a remote control without numbers they were think it's very difficult to learn ready to go to the different be a baby teeth into it at each other

can you continue is my

i that i think one of the really gonna use all things you can do it was with internet connectivity would be to have this program driven interface rather than the channel number so if we can have a high

so if we can have a high priced a remote control i think it would really be worth us on that would be worth implementing

and that's the l. c. d. screen

and the other thing you say we need to keep it just television but i mean one

and maybe we wanna make it something that's extensible to do either task say you have

either task say you have like a little not a little gonna base unit they can also receive signals of wills the television where you can say change the lighting in the room

that would be something maybe you could sell as an extra so that it doesn't have to be part of the initial development but you know later

but you know later on you could you can you know you also selling the potential

and i think that's something you we may need to have as it is at least as an optional extra did gonna make our product since we say we put in the fashion in electronics

one is the usual those buttons which there so that the user fee that's that he's smiling doing some he's going aboard the technology so he's

and on top of the could be a speech recognition technology does mean sitting on the remote still

means we can have depending on the cost how much we can afford we can have different kind of interfaces to speak buttons

i mean the red so if you go to the market and you say that buttons that they're the people know what it is and on top

so anyway that is the first user interface could be off more than one type and

and for wise limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system as a wide and really quite a microphone also to be sitting there on that remote

we can known that means we can target many factors in a great see are so many so we

so we could i imagine also that's the microphone it would be an ambiance and that and then it's microphones because i'm not

the remote control so it could be so if you cindy minutes

and that it's just not make a mopping where you try to find out what it is instead of having

it is instead of having a mortal which is to be trained and being a micro controller

we should discuss this later after this it's like is it

like is it this is a very important to you should discussion

it's finished

no components

so we go to the next thing so this is

so one is that button interface which has not been shown because of lack of pain so we could not

put that so and all the l. a. is that the court is sitting similarly there are different kind of interfaces which could be there

so there is a is our decor though which could be there and then there could

there and then there could be another scroll button scroll up and then they could be buttons

it can watch it into big courts and that cords out of stand-by then for a device to the receiver

assigned they could be sold in inside the court or we can have things and

so this was though my personal preference

so you or no opinion is that we should go for the function that aren't you

the reason is that if we go into the market means no i don't

means no i don't have much idea but

have much idea but as you know a marketing expert presentation was

i'm that you can say that a speech recognition remote control for twenty five euros eddie hattie we just put it like

the remote control unit this dialogue all those are not icon here and run actually fun it was being said so maybe speech

being said so maybe speech recognition gets in the way more than that helps

we need to have a on a remote control which is fancy which is a

we have a wall good shape

v.s it's just there are too many t. v.s that this is not

twenty five euro because for twenty five euro i think we can really do with that but the very basic remote control and that seems to be

into electronics so i would i'd like to know if there's any chance of increasingly

