so you have all have your specific role when
and i think of the user requirement specifications
i. d.s for the industry designer
you have the money
so you have questions
you read that user interface do that
i am the end so redesign
so what's the difference

so the project method is the following
and also work with meetings talking with each other
just maybe be imagine it a with a remote comes from controls try to
you will have to work on the design and also
and marketing expert that's me
which you will the industrial designer

so the selling price of the project will be twenty five euros
it's reasonable
and you have to take care of thingy industrial wages for me

maybe you can draw your favourite animal
and make a list of its favourite characteristics

and the product costs will be not more than twelve euros and fifty cents it is so
and to be that's really people would be interested in buying in your remote control with maybe a new functionalities that don't exist in the existing remote controls now

role when you know i suppose in a watch you have to do and so
user interface design to you that's a design

also to work on the design of the technical from the functions of the remote control and
so what's the difference between

and not too expensive
as we want to maximise the benefits

it's better to much temptation if he

so i present myself i'm at the moment

i'm at the moment and

and has you may know it i'm the project manager

i will have to speak about send the project or project

or project is to create a new remote control and

and as you may know there's a lot of industrials interesting in creating and a remote control so the

so the remote control has to be original trendy and user-friendly

so for "'em" the u. functional design you have to do on any individual work and

it will be the same for the conceptual design and also the same for the detailed design

tool training is to try out the white board so

and some of that would desire but

i don't know if we have to do now maybe ways that later

maybe ways that later

twenty five euros

i think it's quite good price and

that's reasonable thing

it be an international remote control as we want

as we want to set it's in the enter a world and the product

so as you will discuss

as you will discuss about the remote control you would have to experience here with the remote control

from controls try to create something new and people would like

and people would like to buy

and the next meeting will start in thirty minutes

and so you will have to work

those things just referred for each of you to us i think any and

and u. i. d. for the user interface design

so i will match all the group

to the manager of this

know what's the parts of the work you have to do

i am is in the city than

it's difficult

your job so i hope you know where it is

you know very slim

space you have to design it's and you have

so i make early user interface you

you you the minutes of call functions and room

i think they use it the user interface didn't use your design how the user mean you use it is in between the user and you don't want that so

and the in the city than it is house a object we look like

maybe i think if you think that's a design so it's a function t. i. d. that the

so as a moderate

i. d. that the use of user interface you do that the function

you do that the function

maybe just the else i need slide

but i was thinking that you to use it "'cause" the user interface

it "'cause" the user interface to design for example or as a book but it would be you know

i am the industrial designer

so i'm the marketing expert roo

i'm trying to give you some trends about what should be done what the users would like to have and then

and then do this with i can watch tool would be user interface design know and then industrial designer

and when designing u. v. remote control just remember that so it has to be kind of international product so you don't have to

so you don't have to do something really specific as

as every t. everybody will have to use it's

will have to use it's at the same as keyboards you

you know you have quality as a t. v. french and u. k. keyboard so you really

you really the remote control to be international and not too

i'd easy to use

and you have to keep it under twelve euros and fifty so

you have to keep in mind that's the product cost want to be makes more than twelve fifty euros

that's the problem

