that's it so first
you know i don't think today
are sitting there
you made a very prototype and
so we have fancy here and we have
the stories i
we can easily it like that
it's still walking and you don't
and you don't have got a bonus i
i just don't worry
or if you go to the side it's a channel up channel down and if you want
and if you want to make just twenty five you push buttons it's
so maybe t. v. can have rub or from spongy's or strawberries and different colours so
move

interestingly if you do anything
it's my third
so what i'd propose is that we're going to have this came from one to seven one meeting
five know what you think we can
that's for didn't use one arm the to the television on button you have to
seen l. c. d. like
so size and weight
is it that the detective size and weight that is
and weight that is it the real sized for
that it will be a bit later we was

it's a jog dial
you select trendy you select five that's it
you can sell it
screen like selector the menus
seen l. c. d. like you have blocks and you select which one
it's looks euros useful
two or three two
two or three two
for because it is a size is going to be
size is going to be that

it's the detailed design meeting so we're going
to last meeting so
so we want to have a simple and perfect shapes the case and this phones you can have your
you can have your own gaze and then
so after this meeting will
and it's completely completely secure to leave it was children
can we need you do you think you are gonna be able to do that with the titanium as
it's urged i can feed you know that

and then we'll be some technical specifications that's
this is a prototype you can
so function
so maybe we can have a look at the criteria
so these are the criteria and i thought were important of course
it is there a very fancy are
i call
two point one seven

so first that's see that was that
spongy
i'll buy it
you mean we can change the colour or a one
and we can just did some summary for us to
it's do we need to see
fruit david

you can click
here we have a prototype model
real good if
or four
strong words

titanium so we'll start with the l. c. d. you can ask a ball
you can ask a ball but it's to use these
and you can have many colours on weekends or
no i think it's quite fancy it's
no then it should be defeated use more

so that so the question
so the question is do you have that than minimum requirement of a remote control so i don't
know all these buttons are you not clear but you
it's going to be later because it seems
because it seems to be very handy if i mean for my

this is our remote control
functions here and other functions will be on the l. c. d. so
two point one seven that's to
that's to point one seven out of seven i think we

so first i present us we can't as perfect model and then
it titanium he was saying we want it or
fruits betting
and you can choose colours on your day for eats d. or even many colours

please next slide
so what size is because the l. c. d. "'s" not that does control touch screen you cannot go to channel twenty five
you go you so is the basic mould
i think yes the reason as a word and

even you can call in favour you colours for its they're doing on your more north
it's much older than that being to five know what
it's less but
but it's because people really we'd all go there but

use all the criteria i'm going to go to the next slide and to get
and to get it right to evaluate this according to these criteria and then from one to seven and
from one to seven and then we're just going to have an average which we give us these bad you of our remote control so
and we have this scale from one to seven we have for in the middle

time i would say three
also colour it seems that we have the role colours for the l. c. d. and
and it's not very clear what is the colour of this dish the case is a
the case use it or titanium

is a it's going to be titanium that's
and what about the strawberries and the top i'm not convinced
i'm not convinced that but
that's all that them but maybe different maybe here is that

yes and play some slides
if you can say is that sends the stars showings that way and society will accept that's for
and making someone on the list of different fruits we she's able to for all to make colours and able to my smile for it please next slide

of like still you can look at your remote itself
that's locations and so it's
what you think it's rubber

that's easy it is if you meet even haitian criteria
it's i had these is volume control and ten a genius these are the main
it depends on

then we have technologies
that but maybe i'm not trendy bit too
the home

so what about technology we have a
we have a have speech recognition
change the colour i mean that's very

change score
i have needs to pick it
you can move

not clear but you have at least the next previews
what is a negative values
these are the main

this seems to be useful
we wanna do is to main functions here and other
but longer that's right

you have sensors here and so here's all
although it's quite you have good
but the one seven from

but that could we adopted to each person would use
just look at that it's four led up to there
you can fit it into a poll you know

a that's a good thing to your palm that's
let's control button
now we have to do the average

so hi chris
hi chris

into the eye high seventies
high seventies it's the

it's some of these press something
we just last one is properly

experience is that
what are the strawberries or

it says
you must say

you and that would that sounds for
for it is yes of course that was next that

was next that this is a prototype
but sex the side should be that's good

i can see that option
the two buttons you do is this like that one "'em" up volume down or if you go

so function so
so it as we discussed we had to switch on switch off then only want and

here you have microphone and then repeat reports or ones and then they'd recognise and
and you can watch and the reaction

he made that bob
round it but still we got some rubber fruit here and it's completely

hi and then if you can use it
i would have a found more fancy that's the fruits are useful

and then you can see the look and see v. and all the sweetest
you know it's these fruit and vegetable here so

we're still working on titanium so
so it's not so bad time i would

strong words
between this time that because i'm not

after this meeting will propose the party for our success for the
it's flat

then we can discuss we can
then we can help always find mine is left

like that so and next slide
and next slide please

what do you think is it fancy
i mean this yes a very fancy and senate mean that'll at all so it's one

it robust
but does make sense

so i don't know all these buttons
let's meet right

you can buy using the
so is the basic mould so that's

simple basic mould it easy but just two buttons and the jog dial the
was out the titanium let's go and the light

hope to three for that because i
because i haven't seen the weight so must not so colour

so these are kind of rubber
so these are kind of rubber things even

more or it powers
what else can we need you do

one battery
we just need one of those

so first mark and drama are going to present the prototype and then

and then some you will propose some great to you could criteria to evaluate this prototype then

and then we're going to do some finest to see if it if he's if you think about it and

and at the end we were that we then evaluate ourself as a team and

and you have some side so

and you know as a some slides

so whole thing which

participant three that

it's are walking prototype you can use it

you can use it now my switch channels as buttons so first i present

that's so let's start this

we analysed all the fruits and contacted

and contacted nassau and though

and though might sound real good

but we still didn't want to go far from our titanium idea "'cause"

'cause it's most of those anymore the same as they are more than material we can select and it's protocol and associates for it's some of

and as i said it's perfect

this process and

and one is no it's really glad to obtain and it's such a recession device so

so you can touch it was or a hands

he is a needs a lot hopefully

hopefully my daughter will like it

you can have a look at it and

and that's all i wanted to say now it's technical

now it's technical specification but or calling

but that's about the missing

this deal of like still you can

and so you know buttons and using l. c. d. or like you can use these in stock real and select each other option one that c. d. and then you on and off then

then you'll have volume control so you

so you can press these modems to increase or decrease the volume

and we have some l. c. d. controls like in a switch in the l. c. d. display if you want to use that c. d. or you don't want you can use a normal button and we have

and we have speech recogniser here you have microphone

and location finder and we want to build

and we want to build the location using speech recogniser you can use a

you can use a base my remote control or

remote control or are you can use be some nicknamed your remote control like ball we're going and then if

bob bob

so or do we still fruits minutes

fruits minutes probably so you can

we do you want to stick to it titanium

fruits betting spongy tight end up i

i didn't really do exist but that's great

own gaze and then you can feel and simple designs and you can choose

that's for the l. c. d. or for the titanium

the state and "'em" it's a similar

but nobody's being tuesday colour

back for sound

are these are like sensors

that's locations

it's rubber is sensor very useful

so you if you're a vegetarian or you have any options please let us more

so any specific questions for

we'll see in the financial part if all of them that i think

let's make a party

let's make a party for estimating

with the flavour fifty median something first make a part

the design

that's see if it hits me the evaluation criteria

that's easy it is

so we have edition please

prototype and i think we now need all together to try to evaluate it to see if we make sense to do it if it for the fees our what are you wanted to and things like that so

as you know before going and you're creating in producing these it's from the reuse remote control it's very percent of users say if it makes sense if we have a chance to set it so we need to be evaluated

so we need to be evaluated and tried to do it in account stuck if we need as much as we can

one meeting that you it's it for sees the criteria whatever it is and seven meeting

and seven meeting will we doesn't succeed at all and the going to

and the going to use all the criteria

of course this can be discussed that's let's see so let's suppose

so let's suppose so we have fancy

alright silly

i think that fancy we can say it is i think

fancy are have you ever seen something like that

i am not that the only one choosing i want to see

is that later no

where and that's fancy that's no i think it's quite

we can hear it display or six and

fancy it's

welcome there's still cults "'cause"

recognition have location based because

so you change colours

that i think it's a one for that at least the one

so for nets wasn't my daughter take it and then and throw it away do you think it makes sense

do you think it makes sense that it's going to leave again or

leave again or maybe that the prototype that's julianne

mister

that's julianne

my god

and you can then did it decides

and you can deal on the l. c. d. using these going to scrolling all the option so if you don't

you push that the

unique to like press two and firing

is that you have any data as we want we wanna

and which button is that

the jog dial for controlling the course or on the l. c. d. screen like selector

is it easy still clear

we was be used titanium

handy if i mean for my daughter for instance not

colour and shape

but they're and they're not useful in any they'd

a word and just have to remind you that you so this is much less important than fanciness whether it's fancy and that

it's fancy and that now you have to decide that this

like this they're just giving the fruit for more fanciness and more attacks control so

we seem silly not sort to your the shape the

but it looks really i'm not really wouldn't have

think the advanced anymore

things even if you lose one you can use pork what or in the controller many

in the controller many different colours are different fruits and

and under it's i see lots

more or it powers it covers all the angles even if it

even if it is you know it's very round it but still

so you feel a key something a protection for the remote control

you have you have sensors

so even if you don't put people "'cause" when these is really

when these is really fancy

i suggested threes because everybody's

because everybody's doesn't seem to be convenience although it's quite

you have good arguments that

and the last one is about to use this is not

this is not maybe not as important as that one but

just look at that

is if you're not to do that then i think it deserves a one

it's two point one seven

that's all i had to say about the evaluation so

so we to go the very cheap

so no it has to fulfil the financial criteria

so how many batteries do we need one battery

know that different style

two batteries are one

no numbers one mean you don't want that

but the prices to a

