is being we decide do you want
that this is my name
this is my name
so as you go you i think you already know mean it's a menu and
maybe in the front page because
how they feel about to the crack remote controls would be like but you don't
because they're supposed to be useful don't forget
next please
first of all they find it very ugly current
control so i think we should pretty spend lots of time and effort and that's and
and the other thing is that it do you do current remote controls are not so easy to use
not so easy to use and it did the current the first lady's that the for do not match what people really want to use their remote controls
in your home and nobody knows where it is maybe if
it is maybe if we have something where we could ask the remote control please where are you like to have
if that would reason not to put t. v. text it's but just
and fine and these are just like that which so

and then i hope this is going to help you to design it creaky so
shape the all the same that not
what is interesting is that in fact it seems
is that in fact it seems that they were people are ready to pay for it and look good fancy looking remote control so
so functions that made be use but you do use or in the current available remote controls and
if we are targeting young a very old people this is something do you read don't know why do you should be so
so here is a remote control
according to the distance
but the end you can have some is it a display that you can
i mean explored in an industrial design of all that kind of devices and i previously
it's generally in the form of infrared or some kind of just sense of information then we'll have
so we need a since
which take care of all these functions and
all these functions and put it in somebody's data format and then
and then we'll have in the infrared l. e. d. source which sends
so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them

settings all of them down that often used and the arts
so we've got it in the survey about the weather people would like are not to have this kind of of function meeting their remote control and as
so now it really depends on the kind of targeting the what who are we targeting with these remote control i think he for targeting
depends on that and
it's quite taste time that one but it's not
so set-up
and you will never have to go to the twenty first
so even if there are only watching for five channels i think they want to zap a lot of the one hundred channels just
just because this is one kind of thing to do zapping

and now people are very
used and the arts more or less relevant it seems
but you know we can use it for a t. v. easily
simple design isn't a simple actions
i'll push another style we should remember is that our company
so the simple for personal
and let us include to features inches isn't device first power

so what i suggest
remote controls and the table is
the table is not very to read but
which one would you prefer i this
case is the same solution

but it this is uses for them i think because
because we do have had a means of finding their information but
at the working design and
that's that is but number three yes
and from from the discussion we had that you can you make it on the whiteboard or

boards fashion into electronics
and you only nouns this market
market doesn't of remote control so you know it better it's very
it is unbreakable and it is
like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and ten to sixty four

you can hear the doing
i think it's a technical thing which
so it seems that it's a lot of people from paul said that we don't know i know that we have to take
but what is important is

channel selection is but often used very often use and
functions i think and then we can ask a so what people don't have that may be useful for instance
that's good point
since we're targeting a really use some the date for d. v. d. and e. stream of this remote control i think we will only

word but anyway i continue a presentation
i continue a presentation so
take a control and pointed to the t. v.
and you can also are trying the speech recogniser purported lower user so

up any hope i saved it so of
so in danger analysis name with a four
i assume mr i

and most of the buttons on the current remote controls are not used so i
we can change colours
it was since we're focusing on and t. v. remote controls or

so i think we should decide something where some of the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others that are only a couple of people are using
which change colours which makes it
just a few actions few options for ever seen also have to which will

your phone that you can phone your remote control but why not
remote controls that nobody use in fact
there are signs

that i'll check it would buy it
but just know would that people find it somehow rid of it
we should only make a remote control now some more some of those it's just a remote control

it's the balloon
i would propose this concept for a design just few buttons the screen was the backlight which can change colours titanium
i could have a look at that maybe that all checking my department

with the l. a. have next time
so we just had a couple
that it out of date now because of internet

so functions that
in about one question
will need only a few buttons all

it's for kids the t. v. t. stress injury
we have to be careful with that word but
and then these mysterious these key buttons can be transformed into some kind of miss a day and

and that then you have things which are very much less often use like the settings audio settings screen settings even teletext and channel settings all of them
one was saying is this can be back
to rent so

so that's my findings that
all the buttons we need is on off volume channels and maybe some options are first else and
click it but you should do it by a dash in it and fine and

i'm responsible for user interface design our
go to channel five one thing is that
components maybe the energy source like the back to be and then we have

can we should never forget about it
concept the simple
have a screen with the backlights we can change colours

and then as a feature that i would like to implement is a wall in control suppose
i'm not about the screen what
and you want to just wondering

so you these instructions but
but it has to be then backlight somehow
so now all it and the technique that aspects of these new device

i hope you're ready for use a functional design the king
we decide do you want open it up any hope

we need the to know what the user it needs that's wonderful
so we need to take this piece of occasions and

in a want to tell you about what people are the wall and like in disliking remote controls and then
what we found was that so all things that the user bolts i can remote controls

don't forget about that so we've
and i'd like to show you some of the results we found one be survey

r. s. i. but i don't remember what you sarah i so
so i think they are bad

used often because in general you used only once per session that it is
that it is very relevant people

i remember what is there a site it's for kids
so some t. v.s will have different encryption court for blinks research on a chain you know and these things

relevant even if i personally never use it but it seems that
then components so we have

or two rubber that's all
that's for the main functions i think and

control so you wouldn't have to that type in your buttons but just
i think it's good i dunno good preview

if you have any question
compared to z. so on

the simple and you only
for personal preferences i have seen this that to make a baby proof remote control i get to be titanium

it's a really good style you
buttons all the other things can be controlled through the screen

we need power and volume
when you don't as the control but you do a lot

first power on and off can be made for the automatic
when you go to the so for take a control and

and take a control with you
like you want them to change that chair or are we want to move does it down to have some so for something and then they won't changes

these teens
tape all around you can have some speech recogniser then you know or generally smaller reduce the signal crossing cheap so that and

at ease of the touchscreen they do it
eight now you know these we have hundreds of channels that's not so easy

i think it can be just a menu which can be controlled with the left right up down and cover
that's a i'm on channel eight now you know

voice like it can turn on the lights for you just to find it as a light no
was since we are high in one doing mostly d.s to hide the device this we had to have

and it's on a next so but
and the total different course for different t. v.s so some

next so but you have to
and then we have some cheap it's

and you can change mode that not or
are listening or

t. v. so we need to have some energy source to know what to do the functions what we want on these portable device and usually
so this battery one ceases to see jonah it to tape all around

of occasions and bruno or encryption that
classes i don't have much time so i didn't

all i will take it mean it's you

you she i'm going to presentation

and we want to know all too at the end to know the new project's requirement so

that's wonderful feel for seen those from the technical part we want to

part we want to know how you going to work and

or part i don't remember

of course how to design this this

nite

let's go for that should presentations first time

first time marketing expert

sounds

menu and the expert in marketing in a want to

the for the spread

f. five

in the front page because it i spent a lot of time doing this presentation so

what i suggest is that instead of deciding also for what could be and what should be a good the remote control that's ask people who are users of remote controls how they

so we've got the to the a survey on the use of the remote controls and i'd like to show

so what we found

current remote controls you know they are the same as this one and they are not

they are not colour not shape the

the same that not be good-looking

that's we see that the zap very often

very often so i think this is a very is important the functionality that it should be

that it should be easy for them to zap in one way or another

next please and now

people are very frustrated with their remote controls

for instance they don't even find it's

it's often lost somewhere in the in your home and

like to have something to like that i think phones some of the phones have some of these kind of so functionality of course phone

of course phone you can always phone your phone that

and because of the fact that there's so many buttons in these remote controls that nobody

use in fact they don't even know how to use them so most of

them so most of the people say they be don't know how to do to use properly their remote controls

and they are bad for r. s. i. but

nobody

nobody has any idea about that

it's electromagnet be where is that was something kind of them have it

i think it's a technical

no this meeting

because infra-red to use this and from and we wanted and does this have

but under six

and does this have hi

but under six percent

that we have to take this and that out

every fourth you know so you some of us knows

that's for what the biggest frustrations of the user and

so we just had a couple of

what is important is to understand that the power button is not used often because

people that want to have a power button channel

i remember what

channel selection is they're important very often used i

used i am is not often used the

not often used the people in want to have controls do you mean that makes sense of

you mean that makes sense of course and

relevant it seems that people find teletext they're relevant even if i

it but it seems that it's either sort of at least so

i've been told that we had don't consider teletext that it out of date

i can't tell you that a in an in this case between one and then the relevant to not relevant to relevant people scored a six days which is not

but to if you compare with these ones that i think this corner one or two rubber

for instance i think next slide

next slide

one of the thing that ran the that there you are pretty aware of is the possibility d. is that a possibility of having speech recognition in a remote control so you wouldn't have

but just to your remote control or whatever you need you have what you want so we've

remote control and as we can see it really does a d. h. young people

people pretty because it's a buzzword find it very relevant

and as the age goes up there would be relevant goes down so now it

control i think he for targeting young people than that it's pretty something we have to consider if we are targeting

now this is of course depends on that

and i don't have any conclusion a

have any conclusion a didn't have time the meeting was very

meeting was very hyped so that's

that one question your

your market experts so

should we aim at a young people or not

i think we should aim at the end people but

but i think they are those who might be more interested in the new device and they all the

device and they all the early adopters of the new device our young people less than

less than more than

then teletext is use less

no i seen kids to turn off the i should

all of the technical function so

function

no user requirement know

so my name is marked wide and

our and project manager ask me to do some presentation about technical functions design

yes i am a more an artist that's gonna be

that's gonna be less technical functions but more user interface and kinda intentions and i was an adjustment was it's so

it's so next slide please

and the general my third which is seems to be more useful for all task is

all task is not to forget about the welcome razor we should

we should know complicate things too much we should only make

'cause current remote controls so they're never easy enough to use

makes sense

it's from a much he's a device like air conditioning or something but

and this make a quick compared to z.

i would say the simplest one as long as they are the i find the buttons are they need to give it a menu button

maybe it can be maybe love between those two

and what methods is going to be pro white simple

it's not an easy field trip to play you know

you tend to be a look like these

it is more universal

and we can put all the options into the screen will

and all those buttons should be easy to find them too quick because

because when you watch a movie and you want to change something you always try to find a good button and click it but

i but just sort of view and good ideas we need power

is it t. v. turns on

and one as it turned off

for enough time like

sensing sensor machine that knows

it's a question to our technique all these are changing it and then as a

control suppose you said that you set up some volume and any move out

and any move out at all you move to the other car all the room and take a control

we want what's the kitchen

do it just control the

according to your distance and the angle maybe if you have a six euros fifty

screen what easy to use the usefulness of the screen at ease of the touchscreen

it's mean per person fact is that backlights which

which makes it easier to find

they each can you can respond for your voice like

and i see that should do i get us a verification not on the t. v. but

on the t. v. but you that we talk about the universe so the remote control

can be easily down "'cause"

you got simple design as we

we should put it just simple actions but to be universal

but to be universal so

so you want to use it for you or five system you want

you want to change tracks and

also have to which will put it into is this menu on the screen

i think we will only call straight on t. v. for the moment

for the moment then maybe to make it more generalise

but it's quite universal we

we can just extend that trendy device

so far as i said i want to go to lead directly to channel twenty five how would it be kind i do that with this

and twenty five

that's not so easy to go just next we have hundreds of channels or is it

in fact i would propose another solution use

use just for five channels right

set-up get t. v. set like channels that to use their one two three and five and you

and i think in one their remote control i've seen instead of doing that you could just say these are the chance to channel three twenty eight forty eight and the sixty four of those that i want to be cycle with my next button

a display that you can do you can used but then the number and then you go

one thing is that as i said in my presentation people read do we like to see zap so even if there

and zap it's only next

in regards buttons here next one was saying

but are there is like you can put some display on numbers and then they can display

and then they can display is supposed to fly d. displays born five and

maybe we can make it different modes for each button and you can

controls or we can have more functions for t. v.

t. v. if you want to go for you more so than the upper limit for functions for each of four devices

could look carry out some research if we were really need this like how many

all checking my department is there someone space anything

you prefer

and i previously devised many like this take a look at it from that when it came with this it's

it's annoying briefly describe the working design for remote control

as you know the basic function of remote control is sending some it's pretty the device like t. v. or v. c. r. or d. v. d. player et cetera so we have

so we have a portable device which will send messages to the main device that t. v. so we

sort to do these functions we need an improvised it's

it's some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like we went jack or something like that

kind of miss a day and then you to process but be cheap and they need to generate

and they need to generate some information to the main device

then we'll have the main controller in the main device to do the particular action what we want

a since we're focusing on all work and a place to waste actual remote control we need feel

and then we have user interface like the keypad and no buttons we want and then we

cheap it's mainly just assume imposing shouldn't be was since we are

this we had to have some kind of process error which take care of

source which sends the information to the main device then

then we'll has siege you know our main head and device to do particular operations and the total

to make it quite and you're neither so the device

because d. people don't use one particular band so it a bit at least

a bit at least we have more than five branch which are illegal

encryption that it's pricing information but it t. v. device so we

so we need to have particular encryption court

so we have the main of the energy source and then we'll have

and then we'll have some buttons and then we'll

and then we'll have infrared source and then

and then we have some inset some chip in the device

so i didn't put the connection and store this components and since

and since i also want to know feedback from our marketing explored and user interface so if you want

i'm be the scenes or user interface in to sustain speech recognition and

recognition and also marketing export phone that speech recognition least really handy so

we can have and the like does it simple speech recogniser on or d.s be cheap since

cheap since we have some kind of energy disease

disease or

this normal battery so this battery

so that and we will put her that's more simple speech recogniser and you can

training

so these issues simple and we can what

