then we will take to do this easy and and the remote control functions
do things to the in the wrong for the city
we have a technical problem
power i
and fake and that we need maybe you can see
that would be more convenient so
in how usability that we had so it's the remote control use a monk one hundred subjects and
but what kind of remote controls that
the management wall i would present them in the file a one
so it out their frustrations six but users so they
so we have to make it more ergonomic
have to say ha
but anything from microsoft
you but i think we have some technical problems so i'm
in fact fall for remote control this is quite easy we just
this for us this is quite easy
you see the centre you need
so far as this is quite easy
and it's a board eight months to have the first results
even and this is released a know devices now
usually are they sees less of that to do lost touch it
do they say b. c.'s difficult but for the same reason all do they have all the reason
to maybe to keep in mind maybe it to access to of that menu you should do something like that
so to do something for the expert user so

we'll i will take notes
i will take notes during this meeting so
so few are regions maybe it would be good
if not many buttons and right you use a bill buttons
s. and speech recognition and
i don't know if you see something else of the time so
it's is this just a chip which does all the numerical
some lightning too

what we wanna share is the remote control right
so and the question will have a lot to control so
then in the access then random access
that's in fact we it seems that's we are going to make a t. v. remote control according to new requirements are we seen from the management wall
we knows that's a that "'cause" i use that remote control to challenge is an l.
i'm just going to describe we have

sense and there's a false one no
set and
from the management board way we see the new make but it would
the so called him but
continue when it has to question if you want
what it would be hard to configure mean you might

i don't know if you can open to but it's not
easy we just have to
agree
even if we have the u. c. d. display
world
i think is a say that it's an difficult to blow on the on to use it to that we when you know what to use it to it's but

so we are here for are functional design
so we are for the functional design meeting you so
and also time with the same think so is that a combined
i i need to
i don't know if this study about that

one is a voice commands button one is the actual buttons but
so they want some things begin very simple and easy to use
we don't have the original a remote control for everything
love use used to
it seems that it's we want to say like four million units from the first meeting

so maybe i can switch slides when you whenever you ask that would be more convenient
so you can see that it's seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly so you
but was it for most used t. v.
and we have euros the results of
without making some seen too complex and too long to leave it up

we can just keep doing that
of the buttons have to add to be makes a reason is resisting to fox
for the younger it's very important
design and user
no i don't know if it's a good idea we don't have the

mall that maybe those like this teenager customer can advice their parents to buy it these equipment and so
you easy to use a way to find he'd easy in the room and resistance to sort count to
and this would be to take more time to do that so
so we can take this into account so i would
so i'll on many you need should be sent to have a

so first i will show d. at the end that so
then in the access
so we have to have a remote control very out for that it's of the buttons
so i'm just going to describe in fact fall

so want to starts the presentation of what they do
the forest on the one this is really easy it's question of
ten years
when one's father some other one was button even

but are there are a lot of remotes on the market right now and it's the screen is more for almost everybody has a
and the voice command did you know
was come on who wants to find think we could not
think we could not sign any but on a commander in a button if we have enough processing power i

maybe you can send it to me by your name
designer interface
and a lot of the time
and so we can we have to take care

like a start so
you have a four point
if you have to double the computers this position

if you remember but
twelve it's at the end of those
which could be the l. c. d. it's a wall an array of pushbutton something like that

case so the user
so the user interface sources of two parts one
so you we have to find something to make them more all more more kind a

a t. percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy a.
no i said
to use it's maybe about two or not but we can figure it i

seventy five percent of users say they zap a lot it's so
so all the buttons we aim we have to put a i have to twelve they use the real use and that onion
case think yesterday so is

so they say it's a day just it's a friend the remote control in the room so they want to have a weight room two
a lot of the time is a it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control so they
so maybe it's a good decision i dunno what's

so then we ask some questions to them and
and whereas this question if they prefer any c. d. screen or on the remit each function remotes control and
of the questions so you know

and so as we say before i think in a remote control like meaning do that keeps it's a good thing to not
not too many made that ends liked we said before you
i think that if we make something that's important easy to use at this t. v. news you didn't have to be exactly the same as everything else right

we have the battery a power supply here after that we just have
after that we just have and user interface that's that's
pushbutton or a c. d. after that

i think we should go the management
doing it the kick-off meeting you said that we shouldn't go up to twelve point five euro per unit so
it a we continue when it

and we try to surmise it and put that summary in the shared folder if you want to look at it afterwards
because most people are find also ought to find the remote control of

then i will present use some new project requirements i received from it to "'em" and then you meant board
we just need to take it to define

of the process so want
you can become painfully confront on because

you put two tons
finish the ninth but

for special nowadays for them you might have a t. v. in the menu and you want things you know
so maybe if we designed some seen very simpler and easy to find when lost it will i the so use competitive at that age

this is the main function
and and users that is that some put on but it's

we have to take care of that point of view a week or so
and if there is the conclusion and so

we would it seems that we know want to have a t. v. remote control from the
but it would be costly

and or so we'd it would take more time to develop to have a region are you near each remote control
and it seems to tell that's if we want to be on the market as early as but see but are we should focus on t. v. more it seems that the market is more important

like that's i'm just going to describe
when we each unit as you said twenty five euros

really need to decide
how much would cost for the file

i just had a question do you
there is nothing to see

i dunno why is different and of course it was a solid have to learn to use first
requirements so we don't have to so these

everyone's ready

so then each of you will early the presentation on the task that as being a required class times or user requirement

times or user requirement specification technical function design and working design

and then i will assign you to task for the next parts of the meeting of the

do you believe come should be

the technical program a

isn't it i wanted

i wanted

otherwise could you just described

by hand with the

with the whiteboard

to control so most people want to have a remote for the hi-fi and t. v. and like that and but

and but other people want starts remotes for at controlling the and ball is like but that's in your box and two plus

and two plus all wants of remotes for controlling and the courthouse

there's a project i think cortex how or something like that's that's you can integrate the remote with their computers and so

to find if you sell that by with single whatever

if you how to find the future then you can also have

at the same time there's any doubt was commands if you want

so i think that's a bit back that in that case

and of the buttons but would be a set of buttons for choosing devices sort of buttons for special navigation in space

so the buttons for eileen access of meeting and as the buttons for on the market is

what do you mean by you know options

like a videotape goes for but parts the fast

so special navigation and being accessed when they make sense and there's

so the button for special allegation

then random access

so is that a combined with the final supposed to sell bottles for lots and we will put

we will put either the thing their genetic but are there

so that's the that "'cause" you're a investigations

of i think so too far

maybe we can have a look at the user requirements we've

drop get too many sharp form there

just two parts and one

i'm trying to show it to everyone that would

it's the second one

so functional requirements

functional requirements

and this is the subjects also feel it's a question every

and so the results so you can

a. t. and red percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look up

look up to

if it if seventy

and fifty percents of shoes of say is the only use ten percent of the buttons in that in the remote control so all

and that onion

what kind of task was it was a t. v.

and remote controls are bad for

yes i we your wrist

and economic but

before that i have some some seen it to say before

and to change the volume selection of and the

the and that's a lot for a sitting for settings their position and then else and i think things like that it's so

so it's better to put it something very easy to set and

these functions should be very access to the

very accessible yes

and use them pay more for speech recognition remote control and

put on but it's we know that people are between fifteen and twenty five people all watch a t. v. and do all we can use let's see so so maybe

so maybe we can have this it's recognition mean

maybe this is important mall that

to sort count to do

not laughing

that it would be too long to do that

because there is you that's made from management one and it seems

them and should know more about how fast food and designed i don't

but maybe i can continue with my presentation would be a are

so i'm just going to describe briefly what we do in the remote control in fact

i have enough cables

you see a bit like a dog with this

after that we've seen that's into and electronic chip so

so i say you see and i think that's too l. e. d. which is the infra-red which is an infrared and components and so

and so what we fought

what we fought for myself this for

numerical competition according to your display and

and saw forest of this is quite easy we just need to

take it to define what we want to do when the user interface wants something and

and after that we just do it according to spend some time to the not to the television so far

so this is quite easy and that much think

and we just have to define the processing power that we need especially

especially if we want to do some speech recognition in that case

in that case but but we are going to use small simple

and the forest on the one

it's question of one non sound so it's

use used to kill about voice control

stand on button one

star burst a remote control takes maybe a one amounts to do that

so the only time programme user's voice recognition

so you have any idea of four and it would take to have voice recognition now

for speech recognition

so i would think it would be good to go for like speech recognition

but you don't have time to market

how what college you get how would you want to buy one million units but no

but no one had a thousand units

maybe we can we can look at then you requirement that we see from the management board and discussed or function we want to have a

do you want to constant you present it

you say that's i don't remember what it costs about thirty percent

of the tasted people say that it's quite difficult to to use of the remote control

is nothing to see it first

and what about if we design a remote control which can be configure as you want you say that i want

you say that i want i have six buttons

a lot of people that if you have the l. c. d.

if you have the l. c. d. screen if you don't you completely the way you want because the buttons was would look the way you want and what it

i mean as our markets in my "'cause" i think the young people

'cause i think the young people are lots our case think yesterday

so for young people and it to be called the everyone to use it's maybe

maybe it would be more complex to configure it to be simpler but then that creating a simpler project

that's or so we see that's most people are find it's find remote controls too complex because they have too many buttons and they mean you use only teach and then this and volume buttons so

so we made rest make a very easy to use a remote control was mainly those buttons and maybe

rules that was you take cetera

is these are these two points on them and frustration so

so but let us see first the new requirements so

so these ease the ease of in that decision the

