and you mean t. v. a decision on t. v. design and for that you see the remote control and
so he remote control should be want to use it for you to be feature
so i think those are things to do is to define there are components needed to achieve what we want to do so
example one is from or page easy the
page easy the other one is for are engineering central this is the most competing
for five buttons it's sufficient it's easy to be
it's can be small i
you just give it a name and we call an i. d. s.
participant four

and of course we should have our team i'm into the design
what i have four point for the presentations stored in my in my personal folder so i
f. five
so was it has a different from the bluetooth
and how about the battery power
and they are small it

so you can trade you or not but if you ever
so i found twelve very good prototypes off for these interface from our competitors so can you
these are usually functionality and
from the technical aspect the processing should be done on the t. v. set them on the on the remote controller right and then
and of course also the people or adjusted and if it's less expensive so there's an

into the more compact
so the proper assist to find the important questions but as it what effect should the apparatus have so
is not going to take more space also it's want to very slow
it's want to very slow and
and next one of the size of the remote control it has to be

so we can again forty second thing
it i think we should use the s. p. g. a. for the functionalities which is easy to
it's few to programme able to know something that i read it

four you know this meeting no it's two to make presentation the one for each one
the main that back to this but there and the remote control the power to the battery comes to the infra-red
because i use a remote control

and we have you can put a new project requirements no i think
need you just a shower you had this you just have to rip respond to you when you look for the device that i don't know how
so it's a good idea

and i think we don't need like to adapt so
and then we big speech recognition is very says we may just putting we make a i. d.
all the processing is done the t. v.s a computer in some processing power there

the alimentation then to programmable chips for both software functionalities and communication and the communication
one is a complication
and the read them the green one is too where putting things together

full charge or four i don't patient
just pick so we don't want it so i propose
so i propose so easy to use a prototype you can that we didn't

so you don't have hundred channels to choose from
if you go by generally don't do that
we can think of buttons like in the telephone to send messages and things like that

it's good to explore
you can put it on a charger we know you when you don't need to use it

so can you go one p. l. p.s so i think those
and what is what's used to the cheapest possible i think if we have we can use

i think i you do a survey about what is r. which is a valuable on the market and what is what's
and how and we can start to build should think first kind of communication problems or things like that and when

then i will try with the technical team to be the prototype and
and when we are ready with this first prototype i think we can have some software functionalities on a programmable chip like browsing by content or things like that so

so i think we you can use a battery for the alimentation
so this is the ski mask off i if i a lot of the future remote controls so

do you draw it
and this can do to do the programme for instance we don't i think buttons

controls so you can see the components battery and
and to chips goes to the infrared a connection for t. v. set

the work together or do they have the work together on two separate choice
false one on the second one is for the software of where you

right and that's it for the working design so if you have any
so if you have any questions

more compact and
and i don't think it will need very much power to make it run so

people don't like it to how to buy the batteries and there are now it has to make a small
it has to make a small charger and put it

because see using because it is in bluetooth if some be but p. d. a. they can use the p. d. a. the control the t. v. they want to
also but i i think you have the goal is to sell our how to read a book i come from i

four let's move to use the first design
so you can up and three

so i found on the what's on the internet i i
for example speech or usage or off switch the next channel and sore on and so on so i found

i spend a lot of times the t. i.
that's our next

but that but i found if you look at you see on the left one get too many buttons
and adding up the speech interface is always good for a t. v. remote but

it's i talk about the problem and then
one and not a mouse but something

we have to say that it's the t. v. you think with the remote control
but something that say is more clearly that to the right to left up down where

i think that there is a there is a technology like show view we is already available most of the t. v. set on recover also things like that and we can try to
so high

speech recognition
and the users send the feedback it's and based on that

yes that's a good idea i think we did we don't we
why then you go to the main menu and

so there's an important criteria here is
clare of the of features on the cost

maybe not less but they may be willing to pay a little bit more for all of what the extra
little bit more or if it's or text of features

no i think teletext becomes outdated

so the popularity of the things people but i'm thinking ten minutes and

so let's start to see and the steel designer

you can use the whiteboard or if you want

so i think you can reach he just from here

participant two

open

alright so that we talk about and or working design and

slide show we will slide show

and i will present my first idea on how to build and our new remote control for television so

the prototype and to see we can how would this be two bucks would look like and

so what type thing i from now is it were you we don't want to have remote control we which is wide so

and the communication with t. v. set is made through infrared communication

this to that what is the the chip for

what is the the chip for the one on top

the one on top is for the the functionality in the functionalities and the

transform the data into into the format to protect harder to communicate with the t. v. set

get clearer it's in philly programmable

it's in philly programmable get a race

it p. g. a. is just a cheap you can i hope for a program it a week what whatever you want and where am

program it

and where am the bluetooth chip is just responsible to make a communication between the two devices

so they said that they have the work together or

the s. p. g. a. we produce the data to send

or something like is and how the false one on the second

is a sort of the software that are

of where you have to round up to make it run that's it

no i think there we have to have a hand they did that batteries in the into the

it's a good idea

that's right having a charger rather than putting it back to sell as always people don't like it

no you can turn to that but it but

i'll borrow a remote we don't want to make a

my participant

participant one no

that is cheaper

three

i'm working on the technical functions design

yes the next night

i spend a lot of times

at found that the function of remote control is to send messages to television set for example

i was just a bit different saw

different saw this that to example one is

this is the most competing prototypes i thought but

on there i try to play with the problem is that the if i have hundred channels i have that should present get about them to choose the a hundred channels and our to compose a number so

a number so is very lousy they were saying

they were saying that makes it

problem and then like i look at the user name of the underpaid

name of the underpaid just pick so

you can that we didn't. v. screen and we can proof

and we can proof it the users preference and we need

and we need to have the t. v. connected the internet so when they you know that access the t. v. programs by x. m. l. and

and we need something to do some pre processing from

but do you mean by to pay for it was see seeing could be done and t. v. i don't

so we should have a specific t. v. or

at the data test it was quite right

and we can try to get this information onto the remote control to do the processing on the remote control because

so the person

so the person on the remote controller so you can

so you can you be using any t. v. on commission the t. v. set

that's our next on like

on like simple design just give them and maybe

just give them and maybe do some buttons

to the navigation but

we did we don't need really much buttons to you if we have a screen to navigate on the t. v. so

it's easy to be there

it does not consume much power

but you have a catch the

have a catch the as in that if you want to go to if you're watching channel two and if you want to go to channel ninety nine then

menu and you ever go to channel and

know because it just by channels or

channels or you just buy a t. v. program so you don't have hundred

but i think he said if you want to make what i'm a bit down for a in a chart but you have to have a device when you could

where did to have the ability to write something to the navigate maybe directly or

harvey each this remote

i understand i thought you agree

it's too small not that i was so fun to go and find it

i thought you agree to you and if i need you just

so next presentation

of driving the inputs from industrial design and user interface i think most of the points which i want to already covered here and

and to find the most interesting features or the users would be interested then what we're done is there put a feedback forms in all the magazines and

and based on that these are the findings which we talked and

but the technology we already know that i've discussed earlier

but i think it will be yes a bit complicated to make it a speech recognition in a those runs on the small and

and it as we've seen whole visible it is

and adding

and adding different this one to recognise numbers is the where's that problem you if you just

you if you just recognise that numbers is a limited you have limited vocabulary

are we can put and then to look out there as in the mobile phones we just have the

it has to be of course very slim and small one

but do you think what they see should suggest that is possible to make

i mean at the look where clare of the of

i think that you if we go for quality people might tolerate for high quality and of course come see if reasonable cost maybe not less

