so that's his is what first race and the most of that cat remote controls and
it they also said that it takes a lot of time to learn new remote control especially when as many
in particular i do a line l. c. d. display and secondly these
yes they want these features they
first what does a remote controls simply least a device that in all for sending some come and buy some braves to another device to different common is a bit d. device and the main idea if
o. k. it has different blocks different likes
they are based on infrared the braves or or a great you've raised there are two different
do you think radio waves willing to see a without that appliances in line
it depends on your notes because
we will discuss it afterwards it's
so when people are sees the remote controls we should say he's from were at a reaction and as you should recognise the company
so now we and we should it's takes a dish iain what it's going to what function we have one sees ones this remote controller so
and us i wear off more and more trainers and if you want to pass for or is it tries to get it's the channel you want it's
some feedback
not on the control but on the screen

t. v. that the layout of the remote controls they don't match the way they used it and
which is used fourteen times per hour followed
likes ferris this remote control have shown that should have some electric circuit is make you'd interface we can keyboards and read these a keyboard and the reading the keyboard commands and
because i didn't work with d. c. circuit so far so i have to look
and the price is fairly cheap for this
how much more expensive are we talking
were expensive or ten times are expensive
infrared so it's not worse than any extra money
and then we can move on to the more advanced features
so the available things l. c. d. the buttons and everything or
or radio frequency depends and
so we keep all these buttons

and fifty percent of the users said that is what frustrates them is losing the remote control somewhere in the room and all the other find it
identification court inside there
and the recognition depends on you guys here
all for china's and then you can hear
on the screen mean not on the
hear but they're not under control
not under control on the screen and t. v. screen and then
the ones i mean this remote control a developing is a generic control for all t. v.s i think
i don't know if it's possible to put something on t. v.
want to do settings we need buttons was that then we
buttons was that then we want less buttons know maybe with a l.
than than a t. v. manager remote

was that the trend was i was use it as use is you can order no but how they were less likely to want a sort of each is in a in a remote control so i
control so i it depends on where we're focusing our market
has used to use things before so
so i will speak about the working design the
look at but you can make so
so presently i'm looking what is possible to use what's the kids
so i have to look what is a bit of a available on the market for the communication for the i. r. c. kids and so on so i'm currently
so i'm currently looking what is available on the bed and i
but the prices are at the high so
why it because it's simple
i mean there's always we can always have these less often used functions hidden some way and
small it and be the user

we'll save some collected some you see statistics based on how these test subjects we using a remote control and
and because we have no much time for this project we should stay on t. v. on that money specific t. v. remote control
maybe we could think of something it's more betweens like
maybe you could have key buttons like it's discovery channel that document to reach and and movies china and inside
switch if you want to see a movie you click on the movie button so you have all of the movie channels and after use you press at
so we as just speaking about to come on the device and so are
device and so are we are inviting you want
so i think functions we want and then a more advanced ones
what about the settings of the t. v. because

so at the festival we what we do is we conducted an experiment with a hundred test subjects we put them in an
we put them in an in our usability lab or a tree and got them to you know and play with remote controls and also
they you know seventy
they you know seventy five percent of the people we add to the experiments on down there but there are controls they use in the past were ugly completely ugly
and like and i said the channel volume and no buttons at the highest relevance to use is
by the buttons good for me as a designer the circuit about the speech
s. and that's my opinion

maybe at know we can talk about it's the user interface and about the technical function of this device so
of i mean this is that this can be and the difference is there a bit between different kind of face infrared already a base and
think it's fairly expensive to use these are kids so speech
not ten times puts it depends what would be
but they're used to use it only when they can see the t. v. so i don't
and the other side we want to have something new you
press at you just an idea i

scanning unit l. c. d. and speech recognition
it's the button you should have
there are two different a solution of i mean this
o. four days i'm not so i don't know the solution but solution
but solution can be something like putting get a four plus four do something inside of eight so the only your t. v. can understand it identification

because you can you can make it a t. v. and do what you want even if you're in the bottom or so one but it's
don't do but we will discuss it later maybe
the stick it depends on or whether we you will use the l. c. d. and the main in the speech recognition because the speech
for this it depends
thank you peter so

will we use only two buttons or like a number the buttons i mean
it is nine ten or something
you mean like hierarchical structure
in the in menus of the n. c. d. all the back of as a remote control
i mean about buttons it a three

we collected we'll save some collected
of the t. v. because it's button we don't use very from that it's when you need anyway so
maybe with a l. c. d. we can do something with less buttons but
but then you don't wanna make the l. c. d. display too complicated at the same time

and then thirdly they have some is commented on the fact that the you know the way that you have to hold and press buttons on a remote control bad and course repetitive strain injury
market and as l. company motto is putting fashion in electronics i think we're focusing on the younger tiger demographic and so
that's what it was my presentation thank
it's i think and the price

otherwise i don't care what i'd there because it's the chip which i bio which we but
street it's three to five not
waves so i think we're better off spending money in the usability phase
a party it becomes from according to them it becomes out of states i would they keep and

and from this we came up with a few that's the channel buttons the channel selection buttons are the most by far the most used buttons on the remote control
and you can see they're used a hundred and sixty eight times four on average a while uses watching t. v.
all the all the other buttons such as to audio and pictures selection configuration buttons and things where you just you know what a park or less than a could do one times per hour we

want these features they want these high technology features for a since
for a since ninety one percent of the of people age between fifteen twenty five said yes they want these features was
if we decide to use the speech recognition then we probably could start about three as

i know but this since it's my it's exactly my feel so it's a
one starting to when you start to communicate with the r. t. v. then it's like and you can protocol with your remote so you've
so you've two devices are trying to correlate to communicate with the t. v. set then the the one we just room more energy in the way if he's chosen or it can be a

a specific remote control that it is it
no not this free b. c. biasing because it's that's cheap nowadays and
it's it the price not true

buy and they have these problems also so we don't have
so one but it's you know when you're not close to the t. v. you probably wants needs to change the programme and so on so
new you know where

findings that's there's the points that i'm working on currently but
so we just buy a circuit board and
but i'm not about the circuit which is responsible for speech recognition these

but it depends whether we take a decision to use it says
says think it's
these are kids so speech recognition

controls and also to complete after that done that to complete a questionnaire and to tell us what they like and what they don't like in remote controls
we also lasts uses it that's a specific features that they'd like to see in that on the remote control in particular

so the major things with it and that was that you just don't like the look-and-feel of most remote controls at the county on the market
so it's a and then of course volume setting

completely ugly
is net and that was very frequently used it only had a freak usage we can save about one times per hour but uses right it as having a very high relevance

and thirdly they say that what half of the users that we tested said that they only use ten percent of the buttons that one remote controls
and inside c.'s is used think you can move maybe switch if you want

to have a clue the button that was use that was closest to the channel button was the teletext button
to them you know which buttons i thought were the most important buttons on the remote control and

and the audio data settings had a very that will be
presentation three

so peter can you don't say something about that
don't think so because of you can make me too we can make these maybe in a specific frequency so

they're used think i'm you
i'm you the toughest thank you

that's true but the features that uses want that
that and i production

a base and though also has a i understood and i think it was a part of about presentation people prefer to have a to have the remote control of the list but not so
list but not so for the electronics part working dan interface think it but only should we should try to design a remote control having to have some simpler but forms or some

and the again you think bigger buttons and this number of buttons or also prefer to have that it's
so are we going to use a c. d. speech recognition

so they can be you know range which is not interface and the very big the other devices is that one
no but as i know there is a range for for this for designing t. search as we can we

we can we can to one or a transmitter to boarding distracting for this
or some single

for this range we don't need to ask any parent
and what happened with a red you'll waves when they're both have the same have our remote control for example and

kind of identification thing
i agree

yes the form that couple
to use i'm not exactly what i will use for the design of the stick it depends

the form that couple of things because i had i start of the bits with the software that i'm supposed to use in this this company has used to use
so i know that's the user interface people and these speak about radio frequency race because you can

the first time
use what's the kids to use and like that because

and i wanted to ask you maybe have to what's after our discussion if we have some contacts in some company so which can report on what is going on there so
there so that would be like if you can tell me about so you know

to use l. c. d. so i agree on using any kind of l. c. d. by the buttons
about the speech recognition we have to compare with the price and what does it go for a know

so what do you think would be the price it would be out a friend show
a friend show it would be may be visible

it depends on you if two and you're you were idea i'm about
wants to have it's like an apple or in plastic these things it depends on your

i mean if in front of us circuit not it's not the radio frequency
just the price otherwise

are we talking three times were expensive or
because of the internet popularity and everybody has internet that a man trace that just want to have teletext

a lot i think it's probably not was spinning extra money because i
but the channel and volume

so i think we can avoid teletext
it's the same thing is so you suggest that is that we should it's use the remote control only for t. v. but for d. v. d. and also devices because it make its

it make its it makes it's too complex and because
some design because one solution for this i mean it said changing channels is to see a summary of or china some approve you all for china's and

the third one is the buttons the team a each of sit company so
so that we should is we should keep that dumb to put it should be able can i say about our

it's that mean we should use the court all of our company and
and maybe put somewhere this is the slogan of the company which is we put fashion of in electronics

that's first maybe what is what does the usual or function of the stand-up remote controller i mean
i like a roller for the

that's it many buttons and we were speaking about what we're in that hamper
channel so we could you could quickly just as yes it's too many channels for the channels

this is my categorising channels
you just an idea i don't know what to think about that

some way and cover all at the back of under slide also
it i hope or like

remote i dunno
we have five minutes left

and the for this meeting there with takes the notes and use them minutes

so we would see off we presentations

we would start with the manager expect will do we talk about so the user would requirements what's use the needs and wants it to design for this device

can i have a laptop over here to get up

should stay and square

so i mean i present some findings of the study we conducted into what users want in this remote control

they didn't match the operating behaviour of the user that is you know

that is you know the way users use remote controls when you're watching t. v.

the closest button that was used to have a clue

times per hour followed by the volume button which is four times for our

we also asked uses which buttons had the most important to them

that will be uses thought that what the audio and that is selling for a very when very important to them and then use

and then use and very infrequently as

especially when as many buttons then it's you know cut unintuitive interface

and secondly these i think speech recognition i. is a useful feature to have on our remote control

have findings are that i must act younger age groups the answer is i'm going yes they

and so maybe we should think about adding these sort of high technology features into a remote control that's what it

was my presentation thank you

but the user interface at its response for

and speech recognition in a remote seen it would be very expensive

and i production cost of twelve fifty euros per unit it's fairly i think so i think we

so i think we can afford to these features into our right

that's it couple of months to work on it so it would be cheaper fine

it's did it cost

that's the wrong one i think

presentation

so here's my presentation about technical function design i

i didn't talk about different components was of system and how would you react good there

and the main idea if you don't use any "'kay" but then we can react simpler be the device o.

commands and then in the then make yet these keyboard commands

can interpret easy to get a keyboard commands and then

and then there should be an electronic circuit making it electronics you can also according to this commands and

and finally there is a transmitter reach it accord or deal with making they're making do have a visit to transmit through there and

there and these a reduce the rate it'd be received by it a lady other device like a television and or whatever to read to realise that come on

bald what they found about different the these different blocks are usually there are two different networks a two for designing a remote control they are based

forms or some rolling but forms to just do a search between different options lunch when you

lunch when you got something on t. v. and putting a less the and and the remote control

and personal preferences the

the certainly a remote control of it working with great you with these a preferred because you can put it you can take it in any direction and you don't need to we need a really great and the

it's that was my presentation

and so does have the same frequency or

it's a kind of handshaking "'kay" one starting

or it can be a problem sometimes but most was on in two weeks

the price for the menu simply or an identification court may seem to decide this it's a specific

this because i think is a function design that we will use the already it makes us are case which we probably about by it's worse to

it's worse to buy and they

so maybe you can talk about sort of function

so i'd try to break through this true yes

five

different word

different word you can

i have to look at but

but so far i was looking at what's what are the blue circuit i mean the radio wave radio frequency see it's are available now but the prices

and so on so i'm voting for us to stick to the infrared control instead of a don't do but we will

components to use i'm

because the speech

are we we're planning to taken off the shelf and l. e. m. component for the radio waves like it'll we plan to construct around circuit board

and it's not worse to construct or soft

recognition these i prefer that we should make ourselves

recognition l. c. d. it's because it's common nowadays to use l. c. d. so i

i was not thinking too much about the price part

part if we use the l. c. d. even the radio frequency communication with the t. v. set and the backlight and related things like the for the diets and it should be if we decide

about three as you have to what's it depends on

i'm about the names i dunno

the names i dunno wants to

notes because of the electing device is price is not it's not so big in comparison to overall shape and like that so we will

it's nothing this is just

nothing this is just my notes and what to use and

and my personal preferences yes i would like also all preferably to use a w.'s circuit but from

circuit but from the point of view know of the design and price i would stick to the i. r. s. and that's my opinion

because the range where you can use it is fair it's i think

because i mean all the other remote controls on the market has infra-red so people then expect anything other than infrared so

we want to for something new one so

new one so but i think we should steve thinking about it but

i think that based on my usability studies as i feel that uses that prioritise the look and the feel and the trendiness above you know i'm of the difference between infra-red or radio waves so i

you're the user interface and management

so i have to inform you are you receive an email from the management button board today and you have new weak line dance for the remote controller

first that's a about something about to teletext

the third one

should we start with just the call the basic functions that we need

what's the wall

you know this one is changing channels

i think we should stick and they use for functions because we want less buttons so

just one wanted to the channel changing do we

i mean those nine plus one or two

like ten plus five plus one of those or something

or using the names in the keyboard there

so it requires the use of l. c. d. probably to tell you

we could maybe also you can incorporate pitch is idea of the slide for the volume with the channel so we

for the channels

the we should just design the remote control and you surely don't have any access to the t. v. design or we can change some design because

i think it would be better just to stick to the remote control and not to bother to t. v. to trendy things but it

things but it will be still more in spending but for the l. c. d. and you it's no problem in the product

so what that we doing with the settings because

the settings because settings want

i'll get back to it

we could have for example two buttons like simple moulded and then small it i

or like children and grandfather small it and

not the user than

so it i think it's the settings we said we're agreeing or that there are quite it's just

we should hides in somewhere in the in

this i was thinking do we need the power button that all should

that all should shouldn't be do it like sleep more tough to five minutes not using because generally

