so the first thing
i have which components for as a be able to be the remote control so
we also we also can put regular battery in the remote control no
this is what we have decided last meeting but if you split
and the test this l. o. to use a regular chip that are and when cheaper
so somebody is some people use it's diva use a spinning wheel of it with the l. c. display so you still
so that these deals we specially users and be kept the people all people and
and and board that programmable
t. v. remote controller where you and then
voice recognition helps pushbuttons
pushbuttons scroll buttons spinning wheel's can be used as an indication tools and use the customisable
important and finally simply to use in the c. d.s the key so
so the l. a. mean it's all the complicate the documentation meanwhile and
no i wouldn't in that case
i wouldn't in that case where they need a that's a really the days when they need that
it's just for use it estimates we were forty it's more old people so
what i support roles is that you know a remote control you it could be a cube you say
you say a small device that looks like you and maybe
we also have some pride as for the most creative solutions and we
and eighty percent of the people they are always true and they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy
it should be the same a new ideas all that type or remote control they just
you can use the screen instead of the p. c. d. screen is that or
and this for the points which we what from the market demands so
also r. and d. department
say a. d. commands also
and also the scroll button how much will it cost
the scroll button and you know from this are really
that that thing is it is that we can the functionality on the t. v. screen like you know
and then you choose with with the button to you navigate and you
and the same for the volume and the channel you could the speech recognition

make is that be what you have seen them and like not my presentation that on a point know some white buttons some of them not beyond you ways you can use
so the user interface is you do is the aspect of a complete this is the a problem
is the a problem which can be seen or heard or otherwise perceived but if you menus and the commands
and the commands and mechanisms the user uses to control its operation and it would be that so you see
and then you will be sent to say they i'm here for example is it possible
we should take notes be sent is in this case no
and design a one or a
so there's a power on and down arrow but you do see that
so that i saw the ninety percent of the buttons are not used most of the times so this for the findings
and also this other frustrations with the president remote controls most of
fifty percent of the time the remote controls are lost somewhere in the room aren't people are always
aren't people are always searching for them rather than watching the t. v. by the time
lose the remote some part for both and they say that it's quite difficult to law and if it's too complex so
one but if you look at the l. c. d. you'd want to get the t. v. screen sort of
because there are problems otherwise come and
i thought it would be fixed because it's always

it's a point to discussion then
show is because it's trendy and it's a
the idea is to represent buttons as fee gurus diagrams symbols and so you
easy to use
so the class the buttons to get the
the group aim to colour the colour then and
get too many buttons
right next one
but we have to choose slipped on which ones that important to use but that's right
i think you mean it's it's fine jury we've you go with the possibilities that though
that though whether at it if we consider that the the user interface is displayed on the t. v. screen i don't think we knew we need much buttons in the remote since
the functionalities
at what i think we can focus on the fancy look on the
more the fancy design
i'm and the should have a node but i didn't see the designers

i by the way i receive an email from the from one art department saying the voice recognition has been used in the coffee machine for this but company we need to have the you say
buttons story you may have scroll buttons that are just the push button like
button like the one we have here
on the top a parrot if you are
big buttons that communion voice recognition helps
and use the customisable as important and
since we just have to navigate tend to have a of a k. or and turkey or things like that because
because i didn't we use all scroll rose expecting more complicated cheap and more expensive also so
said and we should have just a button like an i. d. c. r.
thought that's for small vocabulary other it was not
so the animals more power
maybe we can or or maybe we can make this to ten percent of parts are more picky about the others
and of course the final point is a fancy look as we have seen the

so if you have a l. c. d. on the remote rather than looking on to the t. v. you just look into our remote and that it should be the
and they would decide again
so if you wanna control the screen and she a shot is this a shot that's and then you turn
and then you turn you just press they have to increase or decrease button and
so finally better than an intense than the need for l. c. d. with the
of all this sort of people than other people say they lose the remotes so
so we can think about i have a little can count like you know find the end when
the end when the remote controller years find that just to make even bit
that's right that's exactly what i mean that was command or it could be
as always boring to change the batteries of the remote control so
put it back to the child
and that's a good idea that's even though
you never get it does because

so we can to be the meetings or no
so for energy source is there one we have to choose between the solar energy and in and the kinetic what a kinetic a technique school to store the energy we also
town the user will be very happy to have a a remote for interface
the and that's the point the
the point the kinetic one is are you can recharge a good idea
we have as a small on the graphical user interface here the idea is to
so centre percent of the users the find the remote controls very ugly they don't find it rather than
they don't find it rather than to use in the size or you say you're right thing and
that has to be checked out
the prove too two parts controller
i'm in it so that and it's a if it's like that you make it for wants to have a control you could just plug it and it is that they don't though i didn't but you

on the t. v. screen on the t.
t. v. screen on the t. v. screen dunno how to use your remote
i think there's a yellow it's really
i know what i don't really see the advantage of selling the l. c. d. on the remote control if we that's a big screen in the display on the screen
just tell you a channel and
and then you don't even have a look at the button at the controller so finally
and it should be better if you could just to go to course with the l. c. d. and also
with the l. c. d. and also with the speech recognition and
and then we could find me to it would be a more suitable for in this case

and they have different forms it so
but this and the press that kind of confusing
the past that's a v. is standing for the volume so
and you just as a remote that and cat which could be used for kids and if
you can get the side you get the buttons so for maybe
so let's see what what people i want
fifty percent people that responded that they always lose the remote some
l. c. d. after the l. c. d. just to display and if you have

all remotes and how we could be a special from the other remotes and
and the cat and remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user
remember we have us budget for the costs of producing the remote control
so it is so the thing is you can find out how much an l. c. d. will cost and they would
so price of the l. c. d. display and
and it's always good to have and was a good mission for the remote controls
if there is there there is no it's not enough battery also and and the remote to the last

but if you split it
we might take the floor r. and d. department to see if they had this product ready for market
and so can you go to the next slide please so
please so that's that's summarise what they have said
is to have touch screen i mean next one
and some people propose a scroll button integrate that with push buttons story

i have button so you
on the t. v. c. d. screen so that's
screen so the on the t. v. c.
but people are afraid of looking at the hell was the
in a marketing thing that i
can be used by both it's an old people

and now we talk about the concepts in it so
next
so it's confusing the phrase so one or a
maybe you can find out the price and those next time i mean is it is
and also the cost for the speech recognition also r.

so so i think we can start with these two main things for
we have made a concept there but we have to choose
and seventy five percent of the users said they zap a lot and fifty percent
you really standard beep so i think
that we can load can do is you can programme function we're back when you press the switch off t. v. but then off button in the remote that these things are some screen plays trash charging me you never get it does because

so next on my key this function five
so next night so this some
so they have to aspects that i collected
for and they may you they only see the buttons all site and fraud doubts
and fraud doubts where you have more control you can see the one in sight so the outdoors

the first thing i have their knees to me there we easy to get a wind manufacturer the department i have which components
concerning the interface we can look it could just simple buttons all scroll-wheels or buttons are much more complicated but it's
it's more confident for comfort to do that to i used to use it's completely flat
that's what it means by kinetic

so what i have found that is that so i think the basic bakery or kinetic energy collection is the better way to provide energy because
because like things are energy we want for him back at earlier and the round and
that i don't know it's see if it is v. d. burner because
v. d. burner because i don't know if you had to if the user will move enough to provide the remote all the necessary energy

for the case i think that's done "'em" is is a good show is because
the department
that i have and you can you would adapt it to name case or not is another issue
sort of a you eat it's not really wants to get to have the him age if you don't look at so

what is a single
but i was numb and say if there is a already a commotion our product but able to do this we can check get to integrated t. into lower on your remote control
i think that where as we have seen in the presentation or whether about the fifty percent of the person which is the buttons so
i didn't but you can have an button for child lock

so one or a boy this kind of thing in the design
or maybe we can include the user money in be and the remote control it said and
let's see the market demand
and accordingly can just increase or decrease

be used for kids and if a remote that
and then we can decide what
so we just met and marketing so we're all for people need from all remotes and
want to go up left right down and enter and you

but where but just by moving or your arm the whether the remote will accumulate energy that
and so they could be an option is to have touch screen
we have more focused on the commands so if you have

we can see in our r. and d. f. if the kinetic make the decision to provide enough energy that's
c. d. screen so that's you push the button and
by the time the phone the remote control the program is finished so

it makes a d. v. d. a tapestry
so that's the point
and i see this is the one already have the protection cover

don't use the button
it doesn't mean that the other buttons are not necessary or for the
i agree

that one it's not i don't know where the real issue for a dollar from the technical no point of view
that we can load

we need to have the you say good morning coffee machine in the mission
in the mission reply to you so i just

so i just got an email saying then and
so you still using the buttons you have the l. c. d. screen and then

that programmable especially
especially for and

secured a hidden programming and that recover as they will protect your settings so
we should have an l. c. d. on the room remote control

but we don't have to integrate all this complicated features and the saying that
and the saying that currently in the market be i the control they a remote control those for customisable for different people so that's the point

this is another company that provided it's big buttons at i. c. did
but you don't have to move the charger

but for for that we don't need a big one because
of course it's fancy trendy and so on but it's

compared to the just as a super i suppose but then
so i think to have five of the simple button is sufficient for our functionality

button was that that's right and to use the scrolling "'s" or help button
so if you have an l. c. d. in the remote you just have a minimum and

and then we are using that remote and if you miss plus somewhere in the charger we have a small button and just by pressing the button in the charger the remote control beeps wherever it is
because it's always the data c. d. player

there i agree
and we're very got something with a lot of buttons i think we

and so in the last meeting we had discussed the for design and now we

really because what's on specific case

so i think i read them into my presentation on the components concept so can you use

above and i meant by battery and i would not have a why are between the remote control and an energy source but

we didn't decide that which kind of battery we gonna put inside the the remote so

then the the case much or we have also several cases like wood rubber chicken or like tax that one

but it's also requires that the chip to presses the button is more complicated so it

it means that this is the last ones to change the chips

and it's a way a small town the

for interface i think that we can add that she's all the design of functionalities by is just using the rubber buttons simpler buttons and

and it's a so we can move to the next slide

what is a single curved that doesn't

it somehow and the shape of the of the remote you will have

you will have the where and the curve it fits into your hand when you grab the

you're when you call

when you call only use comfortable the whole

and the battery is a kind of a rechargeable doesn't it the

so i'll keep in touch with the r. and b. department

so that i think a this is the normal case but i'll show you some pictures

i'll show you some pictures that i have and

is another issue plastic that the new but that's another

that's another point although make is that

period

so you see it just gives you the wasting would be that and

so you can easily when you look at the symbols you understand what it is doing

what's the function of this button

function five

so i can use a button the mouse mean

i gonna try to a certain sense so

so this some examples so

so some people are propose a voice recognition and

and it's inside is a voice recognition technology is ready to be use so we might can

so we might can see that there so possibly the next

and then there you can use that as buttons you can use the israel

you can use the israel and so

and and then they also a secure

and then they also a secure a cover as to protect

may be useful for and they may

so the outdoors may wanna have a keep the lock that was what you are not touch the button say

the next and so

so this guy it this is another company

at i. c. did that is useful for people and then

people and then you don't get it lost but for for

one because you have voice recognition even g. t. v.s use any can call a remote

any can call a remote control if you don't know where it is i t. v. remote controller

but you do see that in the be the v. a. appears to be that down there or on the top a parrot

if you are there's a v. that you see as it is turning down so it's confusing

i. d. c. r. and you press the button have an a. b. c.

an a. b. c. v. user and might be the t. v.

that's a good idea to have a help

to have a help button

so you and it's the on the screen so

the button and you will

was the see the hell but then they say this is a complicated i think there's a yellow it's

and let us see what the market demands we could just

we could just go to my presentation

same remote it's

and maybe you can just change the the buttons if it should

if it should time ones that you get one buttons you can get the side you

so for maybe a new generation people get used to the computer they one lots of controls

and we both the based on the response was from the question is we also

and we found a four lines are asians which record which would be helpful for our design so centre percent

and fifty percent say they use only ten percent of the buttons so that i saw the ninety

so this for the findings which we found and

and if the remote control is too complicated it takes much time to learn the functionality of it

so you can just see the percent a fifty percent

so keeping in you all these findings and the frustrations i think this should be a solution for them we should have an l. c.

but it's expensive to produce and

i'm in as those of us as the people are willing to pay more if your remote store fancy so if you have a

they just play around

but when you pay we die but you don't have a big screen in front of you is it

you theory

you theory is the existing skiing really made any minute the l. c. d. after the

and if you have the colour full screen you can make the display colour for fancy s. n. c. s. p. one

on the l. c. d. maybe even better so

on the speech recognition if the technology is available but what

but what i think it's it will fall we make can spend a lot of money for not so big presents

it's only for ellen to look at very say a. d. commands

and also the scroll

you know from this are really know see that people would like to have some scrolling button was

but they are task as it's called black

like you know at least a function and then you

but if you if we could have a a display are on the user interface that is very concrete on the t. v. screen i think that just five buttons are sufficient want to go

and you just say like the functionality want to access or things like that you don't have to switch

you don't have to switch to a channel go to another

or it could be like this as the people say they have a l. c. d. on the remote not on the television because when you have

because when you have the l. c. d. on to the television screen you miss be picture in the background we have more focused on

and in cuisine and lowered be signed zero to jane the programs and this many

and this many when you press the menu in their c. d. display this as a want pressing the menu it for us to discuss volume then the programme then the brightness contrast and all this and accordingly can

and i think it's a case is the course of the remote control you as an l. c. d.

i think that there's no contradiction here because

here because if they have few buttons you don't have a look at the at your control anymore because you

anymore because you know where the buttons are so

could the speech recognition they just shout your channel just tell you a channel

with the have a speech recogniser you can

and that our problem was to find the remote control of all this

we're close

control so we have someone charger there and

there and whenever we don't use a remote control you put it in the charger and then we

idea that's even though like in phones

i mean it that it also than the quite a wise command because there are problems

you never get it does because every time you all for the complete the u. i. the t. v. as that they're come on the t. v. come remote controller tell you have to put it back to where the charger

it's a good reminder that's right

so you're never get lost

but before some people but is it keep

because everything is programmed in sight so

so this is so it's all about strategy

as we have seen the idea though remotes which we display the norm and and fancy and

the last one with the only do two parts was the other intel a region a lot so

