we chose d. buttons to be teletext button favourite channel and the mute so that's
want or just they would just do in black or just deliver
like i tend to disagree with you on that because be
so black and grey is it
a project team we got our orders from the product from the boss our company we say we
that's now just to just discuss
would cost so just put something i think
to project because in the beginning i had no less of available materials and then i had no
two point seven or something
two thirty
seven which runs your average
so which is pretty good it's at least
it's at least on the positive side so we could
i think we did i think be very long line in if you look
long line in if you look at the score we did quite it just looking
have an l. c. d. screen

have like i said i lost the speech recognition i was a special colour we
you everything cannot be for free we
way to make because we spend entire stage designing a product of which we had no idea what it would cost so
i thought as so but the advanced settings and screen audio and channel
they're stuck on a menu
the menu i think that only mad because
what just a few pre what
so i think we have even with this it's reasonable

but it's a thing we discussed before
existing remote controls these are all plastic so which in
special colour we should make this like a black and grey that's
have a navigation know keys to navigate through the l. c. d. menus so
it's just the colours that are not supporting the basic model
is it's just not affordable at the moment
the two then because it's not prefer because

rather than anyway with two
that's the integration story can
another problem if you take another cover for instance black and we also need another button frame "'cause" black and like
i think i would've been materials
which are accessible for the menu button
five that's them
one night not

i do admit that we'd did miss a little more things you can talk talk enough about the possibility of the l. c. d. display you could use a more officially
words
so we like i said changing
it just looking for a pro was what you could have improved
they say they should get kids you stick "'em" in t. v. is to change the channel
it would you she you should lose the l. c. d. screen probably but i think that's
but i think that's the l. c. d. screen is more worth the speech recognition

i so we had no it's a finances know prices but we have
which see the which is day one less expensive parts so
i think it's also harder
frame "'cause" black and like doesn't work
you that's would you were it's a site you really to see how but those work together so i think it's
so i think it's something easy one of the it's a good way to

i didn't see anything else i could take out
so fairly i can up with a in order to be cut to have a question "'cause" of twelve euros split the strip speech recognition and
because it doesn't break
but what do you wouldn't suggest we do use but
which we can fabricate
it's not prefer because we cannot do it in issue v. but

we need to just keep you just make you covers for the for it like we could afford
i think they colour is more important than the really the crew "'cause" if you just
that's right the curve
so we could you still have become for it
on that so it's too bad
but you have to pay extra for the possibly of having it and that's a different colour

i'd say you lose the curve and the colour and
look and feel it every but it's true
in the next one when it's lost so you can find it's
i think only a big problem
really to doesn't take time to learn i think we'd tickets
like i said changing channels everything hit in your l. c. d. displays you just need the navigation buttons to do everything

because the l. c. d. has more support our customers that are
that are ninety one percent of the people are some like that when a person who favour l. c. d. display my six percent of favour
my six percent of favour speech recognition i think it's
and for channel selection and that's not
nothing that's seven that's

that's a job or we took into consideration the fact that it's customisable to
yes but in the end product so
lost all and
thing divided by
but that it would be like on the ground would be under two so

overall it so
in sixteen
and sixteen three two
so we can say it's the product is it's no
'cause that is true seven which runs

no for that is true the minutes
yellow in the back because it's trendy more train a black anyway so
you just hold it
we can't talk anymore so the script that

control which people already do so
i think it's it does ruin it but the
the people
i suppose so that's good

i can take them it's just your that we got so
this go through final it's either
that's just one just to this is the banana curve
and i people are willing to pay for that so i think we can take

but ways we're here
time because i was that was really essential
or we could say neutral we "'cause" we scratched
just a few pre what

is yellow you should look here
look here so screwed up because
the meantime that what i got be when i got the input for the minus two results initially i of course the what the car did you say
alright we were can separate

final design
but finances
at least the last me aware of respect to have that so

that's what we have here but you drew we
way of saying one curve a design rubber design and
and then a special colour suppose yellow's a special colour so

so easy what
easy what do we scrape
like we could afford and everything

separate covers you make an orange or whatever you want
'cause if you just end up with an entirely black remote control
cannot also a change material we take

it was a big issue but
this so can we just extended to thirteen
but that's go together and

product to have you guys this present parts are in need the advanced chip but we need that for
but we need that for the l. c. d. display then again
but i think that's a part of it but

we take plastic for the basic over and
spongy
i think it's very very matched it

but at some place talking to my
some place talking to my mind is that something that really can afford from the marketing research is that people like the squishy feeling of the spongy feeling of that and it really makes
maybe a t. v. guide or something your l. c. d.

so which in term rubber would increase durability
rubber would increase durability because it
black and grey that's that's enough because

we do use but if you lose two things and i
the dish the functions are trendy it's just the
if we make it into a four as in neutral because we didn't implement it so you can't say that we if it's really not implemented become an average of two one eight

company we say we don't wanna spend more than twelve fifty for this that's
that cells i mean i suppose this cells because
i suppose this cells because there is very extend it

no but there's i think the cover such a idea that's that then they that would allow us to make some more costs
e. t. v. or we can at least tell them that
that i mean we tried so

that would be a curve inside thing i that would i would
so i think it would be a good idea to keep the curve to separate
for the advanced settings

reasonable price because we didn't know what it's gonna cost
that's i thought evaluate d. product of los our design
i have some and that's the requirements and skills i

so the buttons the look and feel i thought
the car did you say look this as you're doing the wrong thing
you're doing the wrong thing or see you're wasting your time now because we're into

thought it was it i thought the people wanna previews on their i'm not that
of your what configuring your remote control for favourite your favourite channel for example are you can figure that so that's to be
but the colours we don't have special colours and

we don't have any changes you
i hope the people will like it

for that is true the minutes but
can you talked a remote control

anyway with two "'cause" we do it with rubber as a material last time we also
statements and we will decide together what if it's true or false and

we discussed design not course
not course we write it off like

we write it off like c. and then your screen just fine
possible but the wanted it has given us to all of the design this because at least

really we the colour should be but yellow and black yellow in the
we have a budget of twelve fifty per product so

we chose a different type of colour for the menu a bit darker yellow so they
yellow so they come really shows in this keypad if you put them all

you have anything to add please interrupt me
which is higher than the twelve and a half or we are pretty to use so

no it is just a description of this year so
i think sell things person know where it is what it can do it is useful i think so

we have battery power have
have advanced chips and the so the sensor sample sensor in for speech recognition anyway so

and so still suppose thirteen so
just to just discuss our project but i mean was kind of

but there's another problem
but there's another problem if

a good way to to help people have to make to keep product we need to just
i we'll put present some statements and we

cover so you can change we do any colour you want so
know mostly it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition "'cause" that is true

agree by that that the cover thing was a idea because you could
i think we'd tickets it's so easy it's a little button everything

as you should make it work some that's we have to do this just an across and that
across and that they know that this is an option and that we had to drop the option to stay on that "'cause" i dunno yes

is it doesn't mean anything to the customer like
to the customer like it like we have k. we have care that you have to

so i'm at at of what that's possible but the wanted
and then tell them we have to draw this and that's just that you know it isn't still an option but not for this price

it's either ones for just to get of this go through final
or treat yellow so

i mean was kind of
a sort of expect to that are thing would turn out this way but

matched it a two or one maybe
could use it more effectively probably

that's i don't think it's perfect but we do everything possible to get it back because it's
i ever discuss now we get enough but i think we should

a little knew where there's there are some options hidden under the menu button so i might make
you can use l. c. d. a good way i think sell

but there's no buttons for those
being menu options it be

'cause that's requires a quite a while but then when i
a while but then when i don't think it's possible really but

but also things like menus or but preferences of your what
not with the speech recognition

it's not it's up or use but it's not officially use i think we're gonna to
we're gonna to have even lost in the selection button and done everything fine l. c. selection that analysis

that analysis extra to illustrate in extra features that
that's not really only an extra the menus

so the script that
no we got the colours are

all the trends know colour so anymore so
we get taking everything in consideration of course the shape the

as a package it does it's not part of the basic product
i mean that's shape as trendy the dish the

'cause it's gonna be done this
for example i thought we were pretty creative when we create we took a whole

that's a one was less than that another one
we evaluate

i think we did pretty as teamwork "'cause"
"'cause" i was very hard to work with one another if you can communicate the meantime that

are again it'll design

it'll design

open anyway think

we also not you just busy with that to the advanced

that to the advanced chip to do it but it as features we discussed

just fine

we that we would implement both l. c. d. and speech recognition we'll get a

we'll get a in a moment has some changes

has some changes in the financial have like just implications anyway so

know prices but we have now

and it's add anyway

a prototype

prototype presentation first you guys build a prototype

guys build a prototype so you

so you could could present that but

you just go ahead and present or for

i think is more or less the same right

it's what we upon just

upon just a little bit more space and

and chase that much i would expect

i would expect you just

in there what we discussed cover buttons we made of rubber a yellow colour black components as you can see

if you put them all black it's not really that good a contrast so

and as opposed to the yellow it's not printed on the rubber it's part of the rubber i suppose i think

i think it's more durable anyway than printed on to

and i it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber then to

the rubber then to

so we have it's a bit round share that's what we had

so that's what we chose there you have anything

that's might have to ruin everything i drew everything

so she's half a euro for pushbuttons

pushbuttons an l. c. d. display gives a total of seventeen

gives a total of seventeen euros in production cost which

thing i the best solution i came up with the justice take out the speech recognition

we don't really have a extra function with these speech apple which you can't do

apple which you can't do with a normal remote control which people already

which is true so i did a check

i did a check that out or so

suppose thirteen so i had to get the special colour suppose and

i could together but it's very

special colour

recognition and the separate covers in account for the if people want or just

or just deliver it in black and it

it in black and it has all the function that is supposed to have it if

is supposed to have it if you want to custom design then you can buy the separate covers you make an

on that because be trendy issue was a big issue when we started designing this so can

just go back to this is let's see what

know we have to be under twelve and half it

under twelve and half it's not

it's not the president no but we go over to have enough so

and everything that's left is the basic function that they we want our product to have you

then again we have the l. c. d. display was also expensive but that's go together

we could take out the curve

or say let's use rubber take plus

we could take out a curve

although we are the most thing a little bit style but

but the fact that i can take that decision right

to this example actually not really a decision that

really a decision that example is because we do offer the the possibility of adding your own custom cover so you can

it is you deliver basic remote control with a possibility changed into whatever you want

you can take plastic but at

we can put those are the other covers

and it really makes it also makes it different from the existing remote controls

i all sort of basic colours up

colours up

i think those basic a what

the people want to pay for for it so why

so why do we have to keep us on the twelve and out

they the profit that's

the profit that's the order were just a with

were just a with a project team we

but we can take away so

right that's our decision to take we have a budget of

we need to stick for that

that i don't think it's really bad either i mean if we have the backup of or the back of design thing

because you could have also to designs what the same time this manufacturing one product one basic product

one basic product which you could turn into any case you want so

i think it's the best solution to make those kind of custom covers for the design aspect and

aspect and keep the functionality between of within the boundaries of your for your budget so

is it worth it is it doesn't mean anything

as they decide to

think it's it either be a pack maybe we should they should be sold in this in stores with the standard cover or something but

because at least make it like this like you said and then tell them

it's an optional that's true

so actually it's not that much of an increased but

we can i can take them it's just

it's either in turn in plastic drop the squishy feel make it more breakable

it's a so we have to decide on

so you lose the curve that's true we could

the curve so

so which curve is that they that's

so this would just that would be straight

that would i would just be straight remote just like that

which would three something for more leery we could

leery we could make it yellow than that

i second that

the second that you second we lose the curve

no that it would turn out to be a pretty straight forward remote control so but it's not

to separate from the rest of the remote control world so to speak so we keep the curve

so we keep the curve

so the l. a. solution is either to use that you lose the yellow or lose the rubber and i'm in

and i'm in favour of keeping the rubber because as a more

because as a more advantages but then the colour yellow hats

i would say i would agree with you on the colour because that's an

because that's an extra option next to serve as we can deliver for a little bit more money so

for that so i think we can take that option just with the idea the back of a hat that you can customise remote control so i

so i think that would still make it a product file

it's too bad we can't make the whole separate thing but

it's what we discussed

the discuss this now

for free we didn't thing was to battery

thing was to battery didn't have the financial in for the last time because i was

that was really essential way to make because

i think it's really no not construed with reality actually so

me too i thought it blinds try to project because in

materials would be a look at least

and then i had no less of a available finances

see that cells i mean

hopefully cells

i mean is that everything for the reasonable price because

and then we see if the requirements of the user our fulfil for now

and i will and make a new blank sheet

only mad because we really took them for the they have the feel they want to have the simplest

the menu button is it

to have the simplest they want i think

thing which would that everything that one of the considerations that could either

one a half

which is not an option

this create our own options

it's perfect even for they have people

back because it's up to your couch can see the light maybe can hear

i mean we tried so i think it that's that there's a one definitely

that's them in the next one

i was that so we had we don't have fun menu

i think he l. c. d. display it could be a little bit more difficult than a normal remote so but then again it for

i've used in your

but then again it for young people so

and it's pretty straightforward you have a

it's very straightforward

on there was no issue one make email actually and

actually and you really discuss it but

no it is pretty staple

it's a little button everything

it's a little button everything speaks for itself really so i think

because the l. c. d. is a little knew where

but the more important functions on

button so i might make this a two it's edible one i

bit same but it tells you are not

what are we displaying on the l. c. d. screen just only the

just only the channels and or

in the menu so

things like brightness and those kind of things we've put in the menu but there's no

in the l. c. d. screen

no i mean the l. c. d. screen the small school what is the display's

their i'm not that even possible but

even possible but "'cause" that's that's

but the they didn't really define

didn't really define what should be used for

i think for example like t. v. guys i think that's that you can transmit through it and everything just for extra information on your programs

must be clear and what was for we use it

so that's to be done but as c. d. display thing it's good

thing it's good number each other

number each other one because we're not

one because we're not using it perfectly we didn't give it

we didn't give it i don't think i ever discuss now we get

just sort of maybe these three you could use it more effectively

so everybody's agree with them a free and that's

you can seven

we "'cause" we scratched be

just a few pre what the fourth you can talk to your remote control doesn't do you think we did i

think we did i can talk to it

all the trends

course the shape is it

i mean but only the curve

in the end product

we do have it's just sold as a package it does it's

changing covers is also trends that if a lot

that's what i call training i mean that's shape as trendy

in issue v. but we

overall score or

so we could definitely have done better if we've that more resources but

you could use a more officially we just didn't think of

but i think for this price is really a reasonable project to control

that people really want speech recognition then they must be prepares to but to pay more "'cause" it's

for this price that you can have a set of it had think

things it's not it's not affordable it would you

it was a more attractive

that's a final product without the speakers i that's a one was less

we evaluate the product there are project

there are project what's in for example

we took a whole new approach of making changeable covers for example i

i was pretty creative "'cause" it was never

'cause it was never ever listened somewhere

anyway is yellow you should

so screwed up because i think for the speech recognition you do it but

you do it but as every design i think we did

