it's a colour
they should be some more investigation on that side
my personal preferences the else
it as a set the for rubber is it impossible to damage severely the input instead
then i have to go up to present a few "'cause" i
you see views so that's it
then you'd is the shape of the remote control
will recognise does the remote control was
that's quite hard disk
any l. c. d. screen was a rather small
one to zero to digits
can you can use a pen
the chip on print i think what they mean with the regular rubber buttons that you got that it's always clear for the remote control when you press a certain button when

green
but i don't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour
my god
young people so we can keep that in mind for signing for the device itself
the most important thing people like to last year was that the remote control should be look fancy
but like this kind of rubber that's
i can decide
the larger i think
but the remote control has no way or in the settings menu or just you just wanted to know the volume

i don't know still an icon for the programme but
they those kind of tuesday likes this is a
this is a bit like the young peoples like a fruity colours innovative all the colleges you blue red white yellow that and then
new blank
or should it be larger margin because you want
d. screen i think they don't need that big of c. p. u.
i think i thought that was quiet good
you could put it on a table what l. c. d. screen you would have
can you had you can put it back so you and then

first of all i have that's the structure some of the components is that are used a from what other remote controls form
than the titanium was also an option but
for a remote control
plastic and it should be brides i already
and then i personally thought of front side of the shape should be something forty don't like that like
and the colour should be a that was something and for
you have a fancy design them right away so
put it back so you and then i've read it and we'll

called cults settings or something but this is
and the l. c. d. somewhere in a remote that shouldn't
but if you put you know you can put your hand there and then you want touch the screen that's
screen that's that's
harder i think that's an easy
bounces back from the floor when you know i
i think it's more of a square

welcome everyone to our next meeting and
next meeting and busy writing and b.
writing and b. c. leading the meeting but i
and it should be made of strong plastic and
and then load on the

today we once again have a three presentations at home right and after that
first of all the case the surrounding all the remote control i'd like to
so you could scroll of course these other things
use some fat people would effect thinking of press three buttons to say that
know normal plain energy combine supermarket or we chose

and what kind of material should we used to to make one of those from remote controls
but it's it stands
it with also the ability to facilitate speaker speech recognition
the remote take a yellow remote where are you are not there but that calls or something and perfect
shapes i think like a week you said is that's easy better or for the elderly people something like that like the ipod do something with the round squares simple but

which you who people
l. c. d. screen so why have to look on that and the
and the design is there for based on what we just thought of
that's good thing so that's easy choose people know the
shapes it is something between the square shape sit around got on the round shapes

so is it a big difference between young
the like a i would erase or something that's a bit you can press it in or if
in or if something harder
but you can press it in its feels kinda
with the main

perhaps it's a little bit damaged it's a very strong
it's a very strong material
so it's two dimensional i think it's
but you can find something in the middle ground that square

next
and it answers you and
i think that's a good size for the screen i
is a simple sepia where

which unfortunately is still in a test phase so
what was that the chip on print
the chip on print

it must be recognisable
that's possible of course the bike little
the bike little r. and r. r. on the top but to see

it's right to the b. l. c. d. screen it right and you can draw from i thought
a bit larger i think it's not really on scale then to work an option
so you got a you know that down and get a single

from i thought this the icon for the volume i don't know still
so that better in your hand or something but and
but not on the screen because that's a that's

where's the button for two
if we get like l. c. d. screen it's quite innovative so that should be
and get a single curved rubber

that's an option and
and that was my finding these are
i'm going to do something about trend watching the trends from the past years what people like audience is like a elderly people liked about shapes colours material and

so for the older people are more traditional a four
i'd taller all the colours that i can maybe
i suppose so

but those kind of things so is
but that's easy to do with the colour i think
and colours is what you said shapes

i don't think it's a home
so we need a spongy feeling
three quarter of the

we wanna to make it from rubber and
but the hard part of this or softer rubber
or softer rubber

i prepared a little presentation is once again or at least an agenda i
agenda i think the base five presentation will we on your side

and after that we will take a decision on the remote control concepts and just as
have the size you so i

i welcome you all component design
component design

today i elaborate on the concept what should be
i said about the components it's properties and what kind

i suppose as one of the because
second important think that what we should be used in this in enough if it if we get like

but it's a very expensive material
rubber is i think the best suits poll up material to use for

so if you scratch it's still the same colour perhaps it's
be any don't know which shape you should take it

the graphical user interface and the buttons we have some thought about that already
and the sense that it you ask you give a question so the device and it

i already as explain some properties of the material and i think
that's all about the buttons there

will be chargeable with an option for mount station so you can
so you can put be the remote control in amount station so that's charges

no just look at
good fruity

the input instead of you use of course to
you use of course to break it i mean you when you break it to be ease of for example of purses as of something like that but if you

like that but if you drop it's not broken right away is instead of using plastic hard plastic or titanium
because it it makes sense

alright so i it's a little bit about the interface i would it should not an
we determine that there will not be no but that's but only an l. c. d. screen so

you say record into the device into the speaker and then you said
this was your size but i think

answer and then when you say to question it gives you the answer
perhaps is useful perform

but i can't draw so i
i think it was else is key should be like

it should be a bit larger i think
i think it's better thing to do

and i thought but the bottom the teletext up a apart because
i dunno how about my idea of making it and one single curve

but this is a bit how i found and
a remote that shouldn't be given more curvy the remote that's

so they want to use one button and then something happens and choose
remote and different colours

third
team member this presentation

fruity
like that's the round shapes

let's build interest for this
a touchscreen makes it possible to get to go nation of your finger on screen the case

colours and elderly people
i changing colours will be easier than changing

like if you do it the square and round corners put a little in the middle of it i
we also this kind of you know me

looks something like that you are in colours like red brown they live with a lot of
i also think the can't help but notice there's you know used you have a remote control would have any l.

and that colour and a bit old school style renaissance believe all kinda stinks
yes but it all together

so we have to decide if we're going to use
real hard so rubber or soft or something that

there you go one or two small how
button when you get a l. c. d. screen would know i would not in the buttons are not always on the same place for example

but if you wanna international japanese
cases are points my coach advice me to discuss here but i hope you have

really lord
we have the some option right

you can buy does it
maybe i should to should show some points on which we it should take a decision

or we can discuss these points
are those points energy question mark how

question mark how much we spy thing with energy
then i didn't have any information about it

so that's the first point we
maybe it's better to include rechargeable batteries which

in your own remote
print it so that's not have any discussion i think

no in which take you are and
you are and in which button you are pressing the right moment

you can't you count you
you could you can draw value paper and then

we're at the conceptual design meeting which is you were opened

opened once again i will try to right to make switch it just

to make switch it just from the previous meeting placed inside our project folder

which was quite some type thing

and just as the last time we have forty minutes to accomplish that's a great

i'd say let's start with the first presentation

in the same order us last time

i welcome

for of all i'd like to the come in at some of those the things i elaborate something today i elaborate

i'd like to as to give you an idea of how i thought about

i the cables

i the cables is there some rubber i suppose as one

because it when use a remote control a lot of people we'll i dropped remote control on a break it because

spots but also possible to create fancy colours wood rubber

wood rubber rubber that makes it easy to to tune that's it's of colour

it's of colour titanium or you have to pay chip and we

pay chip and we have that's it's possible to scratchy or

or and make it ugly

rubber the total piece of rubber that's or a that's used to make the case is the same colour so if you scratch it

i a hand i did single covered the curved single curved

i think it's it's best to draw a

a bright colour physical forward

new blank

let's make it the black

i thought of an idea like this

blank

so also looks and it's on your table so you get

it doesn't lay flat down on table but it's

so if you have the size you so

i'm not talking together three d. modelling but

then it's just an idea i had so it's a it's very

so it's also looks and it's on the table

already i thought about the l. c. touch screen which is

which is is easy to clean too one of the

too one of the great the advantages of l. c. d. screen just use and all sex or another as cleaning consulting and

we also a wheel almost conclude about that this should there

this should there be are button component so

there is we also thought about that already will be chargeable

so that's charges itself lot instead of plan yalina something like that questions

that questions and

and they should be long lasting not not be anti you know it's a two minutes or thirty minutes of forty minutes of use n. x.

n. x. that they use the chip

the component that's the makes or transmits the signal to the television

and that was option to use as a in a rather simple chip but i

chip but i think because for a high in the requiring the requirements they should be an advanced chip in it with

the else overheard to the last meeting that they should we should use our own business colours those great one

i think they are rather boring for if we use with a rubber

this is colours i thought it was the slogan and the corporate image so you have

image so you have any colour

this should be in should they should be in mind wasn't it

the that doesn't says to i have the slogan

sort out of pre boring i

pre boring i suggest because this the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours also a lot of possible colour so that's possible to make very fancy remote controls which you who

in which people will find their interesting and i will buy

and i will buy not faster when they look the same old grey or black the colours

and i personally lights the single curved remote control because

that's all about my my findings

first there are some new findings in new technology for speech recognition and

answers you and they already put this in and clean coffeemaker and so that

and so that did you say good morning or a coffee maker and it says that says do you back good morning joe or which made this and this the easy

this and this the easy way to a program that you say record

and then you said a question and three seconds

a question and three seconds later you say the answer and then

useful perform because people lose the remote take a

and perfect with implement that and then i have to

'cause i tried to make some kind of idea of what you do that but i can't draw

and then the buttons above and below and and

and and we have a button also recognise was like

i forgot that but i

and the numbers it should be

an option is button and i thought

because it's not really options i think it's a options is

it's a options is the settings of the remote enough to t. v. and that kind of a thing called cults settings

but and an a bigger for microphone for the speech recognition if you want to implement that

and then if you press the options that so then we have an example of and then you should get the other options that were to what you could do and that's

and it's also i thought i think we discussed in the earlier that's all of people don't really want to use these extra settings and all the

and all the people but also don't really want to use this this kind of option news so they want to

and choose with this kind of a you could put an

a you could put an arm and a rooster the scoring device on the side of your remote so you could scroll

i called like what's the trends from past years what colour shapes material they want that from elderly and young people so

if i say makes the most

so that should be great meeting for this and asserting

and asserting it's it should be easy to use i think would only

i think would only one menu for button channel volume we should also be enough for easy to use

the personal preferences for the young people they liked fruity colours like a banana yellow strawberry red and

great screen

the round shapes as soft with the materials like the rubber should be soft

should be soft but if you should the feelings spongy use of sponge bob like face

elderly people like a two colours which you are be seen in the autumn like them would say the dark brown or red deeper read some they like

they like square shape of round and yes

and hard materials like wood the titanium they those kind of

is a bit like a banana and the colour

something and for the elderly people just plain old because we decided to

because we decided to have to kind of remotes to the size or

to the size or was it two colours different

that was one remote and different

it two colours different colours we should decide where

we should decide where it's going to be with a round shapes i think

you could to change the colours that was also be any don't know

ground that square

round corners what's square

maybe them both groups one by

it's a bit square but it's also good to wrong

a little bit lost

stay in fact

it also easy to have it to put in your hand

but that's also how all the remotes are shape so that's

shape so that's that's

live with a lot of soul may

soul may be good if you'd like to look a look or something and that colour and a

you can eyeball course

it a big difference between young people fresh exciting and all people

all people all time boring

it's easy to do with the colours i think

i think it's a it's easier to do in colour than a shape "'cause" otherwise

'cause otherwise have the can't get different shapes and colours is

a material rubber is like i said

like i said know people like morse offered as a spongy wants an

wants an old people like a plain wood so we have

but as soft rubber which you can

rubber which you can look and feel weird

what something harder no

its feels kinda spongy

we're going to fight sponge maybe you can

so we should for decide about shape i think with the

main you can fit the l. c. d. screen in it i can decide

but i think it should be larger

three quarters so

the buttons won't get that small when a c. d.s green is

margin because you want to put your hands you were

looks a bit like a gameboy now

but if you make the l. c. d. screen as large as the remote control itself yelling you always gets on you

you know start

we can to be very greasy is that

but we'll get a small because you have

a small because you have how much nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen

or two small how how large

it's clear but if you

japanese people the rubber small hands

as an option and of course you can make it

you can make it lighted to the there was a dampening a greater feel to push the button

and we want include a pen or something to point out a we

to point out a we want to of thing that's right

you could include them

because if you lose the pen if you lose the pen you can't use

and i think people want to use a remote with the thing that is

a friend of yes

that if they think it's handy to use them

for the screen i don't know how much the actual remote should be that's the

but maybe we have to edit issue to remove degrees from all the thing

true you can do the whatever at any close

but that can be with the away soft tissue you can

maybe if i can interrupt you maybe i should to

how are we going to be a separate docking station and then

and then put back use in it a

it a chip on print think cases are points

but i hope you have ideas about them

i think and you or batteries and then

the docking station

the first point we already decided that on the previous meeting

which you can recharge through docking station so

it's like the telephone

if the budget there's are dead

they can we can you can the change in

you get some some of those and wireless mice has to be remotes

i like those kind of batteries

but it should be it i think normal batteries not

think normal batteries not like to load to

a normal plain you

the simple rechargeable batteries

so too open with would've simple yes in the simple the

how does that work with the l. c. d. screen

you still have a and play

always have a bit pointless

i don't know what we have to decide about that

it's a good question we have this was

right the chip on print

same place for example if you're large a button or if you have several options appearing on the screen the colour nations aren't always the same when you do the

same when you do the radio button on the bottom of standbys always on the same place in your own

but the printer enough l. c. d. screen is more advanced than a normal print it so that's

no you need some kind of c. p. u. i

but i don't know if you what was it is quite simple as easy

as easy it's quite a simple l. c. d. screen i think

so it has to have some kind of calculation you know c. p. u.

because we're reacting projecting the buttons on the l. c. d. screen

the case or or discuss case we wanna to make it

rubber but

think that's an easy to to the

we have different colours

that's a different colours is

it's a bit but i think it should be that long were right

so it meets i think it

i think it meets more the young people than older people

that's a pilot

low order for years i think

it at the top i think i thought

because it's a gadget anyone showed

anyone showed off of course

fancy coloured remote control

you can freddy's

but i wrote it have

hello it on the to use or the sort of

about the user interface are

user interface are also some questions about the concepts i think you have some ideas

you have some ideas on that how you showed

on that how you showed you're drawing

i'm a few buttons

