we chose a power button to switch the television on off button the
off button the mute button to switch the volume on the not on off that channel
that channel buttons one to nine and
to nine and a off a zero to nine and
large and a pretty thin and along power
use that but these we have to choose the rights icons or letters
we have one new thing discovered it's a scroll
i can work
it's very important
it might last one year and next year be can be different
i have to decide on the concepts so
and this has to be harder because when

i thought that was our idea so
maybe i'll have something in my presentation
recognisable so i think
the battery there are few options
the pushbuttons we have one new
b. l. x. fix it with a scroll push but then we must use regular chips and also
with the scroll menu scroll thing and l. c. d. and then a flat remote control or and more
do i'm not a designer
to sell it's easy to get like this which is like
which is like a done

power buttons are mostly at the top
and then i'll discuss for my opinion is about the costs about what batteries in it what kind of buttons also
a scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip which is a higher price range the display
the display requires an advanced chip which is which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip
i did some trendwatching it's very important to
and not real it shows feel have a spongy feeling and you get
and you get a feeling for what that is there is an image of it
but that's the one thing to keep in mind

whatever buttons can be blue
we don't have buttons for the menu or m. f. to use
buttons on top
or some kind of rubber around it
that's when you and let you put it on off
that's not good per second
per second concept one

line of great
this meeting i see
and they also like a familiar material especially would not the
so we have to look at next components user interface concept so
no we have to make some concept maybe
yes the concept i'm just

what's pretty standard is that it's that they're all pretty high
the shapes are curved crown mike
so my presentation is about trend watching i
younger market so we should also be a look at their and trends through with trends
changing covers
should we first discuss about like what we all

very interesting
first the younger people and they want like soft met materials and primary colours like
curved crown mike you also said
maybe it's to get a remote control not like all the other one straight and flat and long but to
through with trends it's always it stays it's now it might last

but that's with the l. c. d. screen and the costs
most times that are not that advanced television
or and more and shaped remote control with scroll without l. c. d.
can make fall concept
the scroll button and this one has to be and

i don't know if we have to discuss this already were in the next meeting but
not too much colours
i think we must discuss so what will be better if we have a better shape of the remote control or bad options on it with
good concept but

and next saturday
first will how old of say something about what younger people want our group
it's a scroll push thing like a mouse maybe it's
and click on a button if you wanna see the next if you wanna see that channel and

so it's not be a very clear what's the function of that
can you go back one page
the scrolling you can do it with your thumb

to be trendy and mine
i would your left hand you can push the button so
we make two concepts one what

when you shake it a few times it's loaded
and you have also a advanced chips but that's with the l.
buttons on top of it and here

maybe it's easy to use for the channels when
we have to go view on and trendy and the older it's not and the young and
and the buttons

maybe you can look how which it is for the l. c. d. it's
shapes or what do we need
button and then you also can stop scrolling it's just not like

year so we must not just only look at but the trend is now is it
and then we have it on the d. v. d. menu
so there's no menu

but if i playing with
this is the remote control and then have something
and then have something like this time to sell it's

but that's the only scroll the button on it then
but no we use one scroll button and the other one this year one till
or two buttons

we have presentations so
that's important

so first it's your turn
the television missed do that so

that's true or something and the fish so
more expensive but how much

yes that's the talk
it's not a lot of reading buttons

zero to nine and button to choose the height your channels the nine
for the menu what do you wish for that

left or right
we see the same arrows like there

or m. f. to use to channel the volume and channel
but that's to be clear that you can use to arrows

the icons on the arrows as you mean
yes the second one

round edges the logo
but what a one for the sound and one for the channels

so good good icons on the buttons and and big buttons is my personal opinion
so everybody can buy at at the supermarket

our group we want to so our remote control so and then
it's from my manufacturer he deficient

and then i'll have to discuss about the costs of all of things for a remote control the battery there
or and use a bit kinetic battery like there we can watch when you

and so you paid here in your hand in here are the buttons
so you can squeeze in it then

and also for the mouse for the volume it's also now easy to use the scroll-wheel up
push the button so if you push the channel one thing to channel one

control and i think there are a lot of those things and people want buy it anymore they have seen
but then we'll get to the regular remote controls and i think what

i think our budget is too low to use an l. c. d. and
d. and the chip who is more expensive

and maybe it's also them false all if we you eight euros that's different kind of shapes for the for remote control that we don't
it and that was the sound off switch back

like you get the yellow remote control in red one blue one etcetera
if you have it if you have a menu

and not two basic not
with the scroll button and

an l. c. is you see when you use the scroll buttons
mostly they are smaller so

but it will be problem i think
and i think what i said everybody has an as them already and

i think we must look for there to to be flat do you develop something use
not and the young and trendy very they're starting to like a afford and fake just a balls as a team for clothes shoes and also a product

they like dark colours and simple recognisable shapes and
concepts one what else do you want without l. c.

not the pitch
to get the feeling for this

at the already come to my personal preferences we aim at a
i can't draw its

we aim at a younger market so
can't draw its i

i'm not a designer from
so that's to be soft

do if we use one then we'll have just switch on it you're just switch
that's more difficult

two number two
and you can make their the power button as a trigger

no i start

no i start what are you doing

now i have my screen that too

we have presentations

and the fish so

that's the talk about the interface a concept

first i'll discuss the buttons we just choose show you some samples

show you some samples

discuss colours and design maybe already and my

and my personal preferences

the volume and channel quadrants the

the left or right up down arrows to to the volume and channel and a menu button

and a menu button to non manipulate the l. c. d. or display

i had some interesting samples examples

and what's interesting is the icons on the buttons some buttons

some buttons have icons like to play stop but we don't

stop but we don't use that but

or letters this is busy for volume but they're both a z. so it's not

that the menu button is

meeting but as we have to to design the case and they all remote control in our our corporate the company colours and the logo i would the recommend the yellow case

the logo at the bottom and

and maybe each set of buttons as on colour so it's good

colour so it's good

recognisable so

no it's not flower power

not too much but no nobody

says it has to be trendy and

so you're next

like yellow so we're at

at so it's feasible the

but to give him a shape of your hand so you it's easy to use something like that but that's just an

i think the best option is to use the basic battery so everybody can

then the form of the remote control i think it's also a to have it curved

and maybe like it's hand shape and so

materials use plastic hard plastic because

because we'll have to burst lightning in one time also rubber

because the younger people like that what

like that what we've seen the research

when you want to go more move up you just scroll up and click on a button

the scroll-wheel up a scroll but and that's also easy

and that's also easy to just a menu of a thing like this and you get it here can do with

and also simple chips they are

they are cheaper

and but then we have just the basic remote control and

they have seen enough of it

the costs will increase it a lot more i think

that we don't use the primary colours like you get the yellow

you have any more questions about this

i think the main thing is we look at the costs and

not two basic not a basic remote control who everybody already has

t. v. the issues

the issues with an l. c. d. no not

you can scroll you see what number and then you push

but then what i said the costs will we get a lot higher

but then it's not easy to use scroll we'll

and then you'll see it on the television

but when you see and you wanna on the television it's like you see want to but when you go the scroll up and push them to twenty

and the like we said before it has to be used on every television so you

i think the younger people will have your televisions which can provide our remote control

but you will people have to go on their room

and i go to supermarket them by them for two euros

two euros can get in get the most cheapest thing i think we must

you can you give an indication in the cost difference between the two chip with l. c. d. or without

i don't know my screen and it was a higher but i don't

'cause it i think if we have an l. c. d. it's also sell better

and that might to the on going back to course

no the pushbutton requires a simple chip a scroll

thank you nick

you nick

it's very important to innkeeper but latest trends "'cause" if you don't you won't sell

you made an infestation of the market my trendwatchers they

they watch it in as it is like to resay and mean and course known for

course known for their it went trends

then the all the end which they like

and i think we want to sell our product for more than one year so we

now is it might be different next year but that's the one thing

no it's clear

no we have to decide

maybe one of you can think it's on the board

first to use interface

but maybe you can paint it what do we want

we have to say get the idea of and more like in shape of your hand

from have three d. like a

part here this is the

and has to be soft

one till that is zero to nine and that

to scroll we'll see

you're just switch it and

if you have a menu how do we do with all the options

with the manual button and then you also

just not like all the other ones with the listing and it here and arrow here in a row here there are here narrow because

because from ohio but remote controls nine i have it

but if we don't have a l. c. d. v. don't have a menu

it's like some sort of teletext option but we don't have teletext

and if we put an l. c. d. thing on it and the cost will pay much higher

but you know like this kind of thing

harder because when it falls it my a bus numbers or some

