so when i say a new design
so we lucked use a new colour and in new pen wife so we can all see it's no
on our corporate site so a new d. v. d. player we're gonna produce maybe it's
it's an it's a new remote and you

there's also a different colours and different
different colours and different then why it's the line the bigness of fitness so
on them so you can customise your your own remote with different colours or special paying jobs and

i also think we should not that too many buttons monday remote
monday remote sense too much buttons i think
i have had remotes that they had at the function of the buttons was about it and they are all for the buttons and
i user interface you can maybe a great i don't know which are specific instructions will be what the probably about the decision of the buttons and those kind of thing so what buttons will have to be on the remote and you will

with two design a new television remote control you have the data
he deliberately control so i am all we do that in each word for
i think it's it's important to look at the remote controls of our competitors
so you can you should television and you d. v. d. player with the same remote control
a new remote and you don't buy remote if you don't have anything to to control with that
for me personally i have a lot of remotes at home but

it's fits your hands and then you just push the button that you use most would be the time

no mine the buttons have to have to have international recognisable buttons and
the big recognisable button on top or something

maybe you could make one button to switch between d. v. d. player and t. v. and make the other
and make the other buttons and multifunctional or something
so it doesn't to become too complicated with too much buttons
when it falls over it and i just have and then the button and i use most has to be here
the buttons should they also be not too small little bit of course and
so there has to be some space between button
the buttons should be rubber i think
are all for the buttons and when i've had use it much it was a gun so it
so it has to be made in the buttons i think yes

you have these difference functions on the board you can
furthermore it's important to make its acceptable for the whole world for different cultures maybe because we onto
has to be different and familiar at the same time
and then a button here to switch between the different systems like d. v. d. player and the so you can
of course to to have icons to explain the different functions
it's not do that in china it's different
but you can have of course different between d. v. d.s and televisions and between
'cause of different than the next time

and it has to be and then the right the right buttons on the right place at those kind of things
what kind are losing time that
that's a bird but what kind of
so but that's kind of standard the television so it also works on that
and i do think we have to keep this kind of a day or with with the numbers and
it's a we make an universal remote so it has to work with all kinds of brands and things
works for the user presses a button on with an infrared beam it signals television set accordingly but it's pretty obvious

now what then we'll we can sit down and discuss what do we think about our current remote controls first
less some remarks about the current remote controls
but it's not it's not might have to talk about the experience with current remote controls but

so every time we will do some individual work get meeting talk about it and then i'm going to the next phase
so i think we individually will have to to come up with ideas for the next meeting about peace materials and markets etcetera yes
next meeting is in so

try to merge them into one universal remote control on our corporate
is there an a universal universal a way of transmitting from the remotes to the televisions it's all about

i start a new black the top of a blank documents
and then a new blank document
save it and start a new blank documents

you don't use the half of them that's another culture
we could use another form or shape or colour that kind of things
but you still have to know what's the remote and that's another
or else they will be in another chip
jobs and another
watching have another

a trendy it's also for young people we
people we have to just to make it morgan
so a lot of people have to be able to use it
numbers and then that every culture and people are the card you can recognise
and i think the people will buy our remote already have some experience with remote so
no but young people want something different than
the people of often the like bright colours or something we have to make grey
young people sort like

