that's right it's a television remote control but
television remote control
but most television remote controls or the other functions as so we can go

the selling price of our remote controls gonna be twenty five euros and our
worldwide and production cost should be a maximum of twelve euro fifty per remote control so that's
but only about your experiences with the remote controls do you have
controls do you have no good experiences with remote controls were put
i don't think the four of us got problems with remote controls but
so i think what we need is our remote control with

we're gonna brainstorm about what kind of can borrow a normal remote controls gonna be
and that is it gonna be a remote control that's what i can be used for different kind of equipment like your t. v. and you're on cereal
control but i was thinking since it is used with the d. v. d.

and you can change the line width and the colour of the pen by pressing a forward but
pressing a forward but you select and format yes like current colour or a line width
on a blank sheet with different colours with different pen widths i'll
different colours
no i mean you some different colour is now
whether or not supposed to be green or whatever colour is this
and so in the format menu you can choose the different colours and pen widths
another colour maybe read one

one thing you have to place and i thought exactly on the marks spot
it's important to place your laptop exactly on the marks for the affair
you will receive an email with the example of a explanation of what particular level of design means to the different functions and only you probably
simple you at the pen function razor function is like
no your role of acquainted with the different tools
are they difficult to understand or maybe they don't interact with different kind of like weapons very
and then a different remote control with different functions on but from places and half of the functions are remove whatever
different functions of water
maybe with different type of fronts or

ideas i don't know if i can touch the power button
no try a power button
and you can make new sheets by but we put the person on the blank button it works like this
controls but if you see elderly people all these buttons and then they buy new t. v. because the previous one was talking whatever and
a group buttons you know all the buttons
all the buttons which apply to the text functions in one
or whatever not like the button to enter text on top of the remote control on the button to that to minimise it to this or whatever are the functions are probably somewhere else i think we should group
same for the volume buttons and

we have twenty five minutes
next meeting starts in thirty minutes individual
and it said five minutes that would that for now have
i'm gonna make some minutes to take some minutes
should we was it's important that we do if it takes a
we'll see each other in thirty minutes

it's if it's mainly you think for in the meeting so i don't think it's i don't know if it's important
i was thinking since the t. v. is mostly used to get the with the v. c. r. or d. v. d. player or recorder and not with a stereo i think it should be good to include functions for v. c. r. c. d. v. d. players recorders
useful and that we want then you're the usability and so that's the gonna be a very important task for you then
four so you have to think about what kind of equipment you want to you know we want to manage we did one is important

design we begin with the functional design and we go to the conceptual design and the details assign every level
the user interface designer or is it the
user interface the technical functions design and the management

every participant should draw its favourite animal and some of its favourite characteristics on a blank sheet with
i have some of its favourite characters i like it's
i don't know what my you have favourites animal is but the
i haven't got a favourite animal to sell all

examples of the tool training project plan discussion and closing we have twenty five
project aim is to design a new remote control some of the
can make new of a new blanks and you can change
and make a new she is by pressing
this is a something about the project finds the selling price of
and our profit aim is fifty million euros very
the project manager
project a project documents is for shall not on the whiteboard

no i didn't we started i just close to
so you can start to laugh alright
i don't know how much time we have left are not many i
are not many i start
start at twelve

i'm gonna draw at the right i finished
this is just a useless drawings on a t.
thank you all draw open and
i'll draw a pain when whatever
i'm going to draw a cat

first we're gonna they're gonna try some different things with the tools we have over here so you get acquainted with these and meeting tools we have a smart boards
we have a smart boards that there's those two boards this is
boards this is a presentation boards would do which one am using right now you
wheels where's the white board i don't know
is an explanation of the smart boards as
boards as it to war over here
i we're gonna try out the other twenty white board every participant
i don't know why but i get this a very smart animal

but for you have get the whole quite as part but we will motel are we all know each other names
the technical part of the process or something you're gonna look after four so
one is important part for you then recorded course to the user friendly part of it

