have to make a new remote control
so what ideas do you have for it for the new remote control what

what are your experiences with remote controls so
and i have one side and remote control one i drop it
and the control to channels and the volume and
think we have four distinctive remote control for that's not really
and also a that's a remote control for our where your sets but
for our own remote control have to think how do we make it so
something like when you loose you are remote control sometimes that then it between the couch and you can find it when you
and then you a they're yes remote control

that string for still we have to make a small training but do we
not all small buttons you don't know
big buttons bus this all small buttons
all small buttons like when you have like a hundred buttons on your remote control you won't know what they're working for
and buttons not too small

welcome on the first kick
the first kick off meeting what should we do
so we'll get back on that first
first you can save to documents have to do that
so i'll make an example first
first don't touch that things
first i wanna hear very
on your first ideas so
this is the first meeting see lady

and i think it's positive if there's a led a light on the corner of the remote so that
and if you push button the led gives it lights and you see that it's working
can find it when you push a button on the t. v. you were some science some sort of bleep and then you
the lead on the corner that indicate that it's working if you push a button

one big one they are and not easy to use and
and a big buttons and it's
it's just poster for negative that they're big presents

so that was tool now and next
now and next to the chip that
and next instructions you would get in your email so

first we have a look at that string
i'm looking on the budget not too expensive for the material so
i think it for marking point of view would also we have to look we

you have to make your own favourite animal so
i'm not getting anything how much screen now
i think they're the goal of a remote control is that it's it has an influence on the t. v. set and the control to
it on you have to see f. e. o. recorder i. d. v. d. player and i said like to see think we have
the weight not too heavy
i have one more idea just popped up

has to be original trendy and user-friendly so
that will sell their at trends five euros and
and we have only trendy of twelve and a half euro to make it
what are you going to do now is next meeting if in half an hour
next meeting half an hour
see lady in half an hour

have in it should work with as many as possible stand

for what line and change it
and you can change the colour
no but i am i in my experience is that it's convenient to have to
as it has to be compatible with all their change
and it won't take a lot of battery so you don't want to have
so you don't want to have to change the battery once a week or once every two weeks

one i drop it it broke have sound that won't
have sound that won't be our goal i think and
when you drop it won't break like some

like some kind of rubber on it or hard to
or hard to hard plastic
for the material so probably plastic or something

first we have to make a functional design of that we have to make
of that we have to make a conceptual design and
and after that the detailed design so we'll discuss
so we'll discuss that later

