also the buttons are easy to find it was a
are all the buttons easy to find not only these buttons all buttons
away i'd i think if you have the button at the right i don't think you can find the option button that easy
easy volume up button

colour so as one of the colours
i have to agree all colour colours or doubles never did that much now solid
then we can make a two colours on it two colours

hi i'm colours special
colours special colours all the colours you want because
but you when you use more to one colour it's a special colour

it's easier than the regular a remote control
they are a lot easier to find and and then on the regular remote controls where you have
i think it's easy to use their regular remote control because

then we have to skip every remote because how many colours
remote because how many colours we go make five

that's really important things off or fact are a form of this year is are is remote control
is remote control fits in us
if he ever seen a remote control like this
at least the most useful remote control of are to be manufactured because
a remote control may
but it's for remote control i think it would satisfy that means the speech possibility
you can see the remote control to the armour
me it when you mean at a remote control would
call and then if we knew we have to we had to remove them in with our remote control

this the scroll button on the microphone on on the side here on the anti r. and r. logo
using scroll buttons sides but
you push the scroll button and it's that's out
he was a scroll button
so you can scroll than two scroll up button
it comes out and use the scroll being as which of things
and a scroll is rubber so it's
you have all buttons on it which is like a microphone extra l. c. d. screen extra scroll i think it's fair

controls lie as you can see the screen out and

although the special colour especially
what a special colour
but this is special colours that
and special colours fruity colours
or red and then you add you have two special colours on top of the one we have no
so each remote with a special colour
you don't need for all those for the special colour the one you one remote

we could lose the curve
and i think we should lose the curve
it's possible to lose curve

i think that special because the microphone and the l. c. d. screen also for a new
'cause there's an l. c. d. screen and then microphone

we also made some ideas about how the options many would work using
you options are a little bit harder but
instead of the options
you don't have all the other options always when you screen so it's i think
they don't want be extra options right
scroll options
which can change options of the remote to something

but it's a special colour and just rubber colour you have to add
i think they use the colour that's not already need a rubber they use special colour shirts at it

remote settings of
it's very fancy i think if he ever seen a remote
easier because of the with the you have to push the arrows and with a normal t. v. remote
remote most have to use so it's pretty good
which we got you could make it always black not a normal remote
but isn't it for remotes that you pay
i think you pay off the remote so
you want corpora remote so that it is one
it works pretty

it doesn't work let's forget
so you would say communicate doing our individual work
or something and then work separate
work but operated of the range or it doesn't
only thing that you work through of speech or something this is
i was working on that

