maybe better
you would work
i think it'll will be more easy for you to read the minutes
and the components of a remote control could just have a properties of material we have to choose
we have to choose these wisely and
i think the plastic is the best with rubber "'cause" of wood or titanium would also be a bit weird
all the materials and components are just available and in our factory
requirements i was thinking about just the basic functions and i got
i have here a couple of basic functions i could think of
have no idea but i was also
but you do mention the next and previews but
and i think of buttons sizes and i'm not or if they have to be b. a. or just small
all a personal preference and then we have a don't have
the second important thing is innovative technology in the i've seen
i don't see the spongy part in it but
no the lower
i think a spongy material is very irritating for the remote control itself but
if you get the idea the fruit kind of rounds
maybe it's too much an hour
but we we have to they have to be the firm colours our own colours has to be in it's yellow
with a strawberry on top
conceptual design yes
it already watching the t. v. you know gonna watch a remote control
i it's it's a simple
so you can use the buttons all that already on the remote control for double functions
how does it will display then
information but i haven't thought about it
what do you had this you have a mode after the trailers of l. c. d. display level
that's a good point and that's

the shelf and even the speaker and wireless retriever are all available in our company
another possibility i i looked upon was the l. c. d. displays could be
but maybe it can be within the limits of twenty five euros
but then i don't know when there are in new use for requirements i i have
and for the idea i've put some trends for the market for elderly people dark
i found this image which is it's symbolises the idea of fruit and vegetables i don't see the spongy
what we can we can produce multiple multiple things this is then
with it i don't think the l. c. d. display fits in that emission know it's
so i can also said
but it just it isn't doesn't match with that or old basic concept
you can convince me i don't know
the edges then we once in a do it has
we're gonna have a rubber on in the docking station
is that something was it what it was just a prototype
fronts
we can have different from soft

could be something special to our remote control and it's possible
it's possible but it only cost a bit more but
you see covers which can be
that's actually kind of it resembles
now what your mobile phone you can read text also so why not all
so why not all your remote
now the try and i also
the try and i also have to think about new functions maybe buttons or something like that and to control that's kind of l. c. d.
kind of l. c. d. or something or
test that is what i've seen
the out later
but that's not really freaky

i'll again be the secretary make minutes take minutes i will
i didn't tell anything about the cost of titanium
what i was saying you can see colours
v.s which we were planning to but whatever
because the t. v. has to send information back to the r. c. and i don't know if that's possible
the title and information about the program but
if you want a bit when you have to be coloured
in two thousand and four you can't put something on the market which is on the ground really
in your hands and also the know like this is the

a don't have any time left so
care no i
no we don't want markov no i just
no i just put in that to for general idea and that
but it should be like this big and i don't think
program information but
yes but you also want to know what's next
if you drop it back comes out there
but then we have to look at it will not be too childish to see

i have for it again on to say i've put the minutes of the second meeting in the shared folder to
also in this one like in the watchers but
i mean the two basic buttons you know to skip channels and to
and we could bring one line with the dark colour into and
i think it's a good in the good because it also doesn't stroke we do we want to the
we're not even what information we want display on it so
about the problems
i really don't feel the whole idea of an l. c. d. is

all set welcome to the
i was also looking for what you said four i got the name all about l. c. d. in front of the remote control i dunno if
you did the research
do we want to use an l. c. d. display for example
maybe we can make a t. v. guide only for the channel you're on
so that's a really possible
but we already have the docking station which is

and it could affect a kind of grew up in in buying remote controls
the components of remote control of course the case the properties
with soft rubber for falling and it feels could you know and
the buttons has to be solid two and the material is soft rubber i've got
i've got a email from the possibilities of real reaction
idea it's
yes it was already made that the remote control on the docking station

for diversity
i mean i think this part of the r. c. the up and the upper part or whatever it's it's not use wood buttons i so you
so you can put some fruity things
no that doesn't have to remind you know like takes place of the of of specifics piece of fruit but just you know like the round curves us i
but pictures of fruit it's flexible and vegetables
week
thing but i'll try it this is a

maybe a kind of whole
another function it's of course aurora discuss it on the sides
i dunno what cost also it's have
you are also but for elderly people were a little bit crazy in one maybe want a little younger design but still the dark colour i mean it
i mean it reaches a different marked but it doesn't cost really much effort to bring a like a black a few more or whatever yes
and not believe pictures was it was a bad word but

i will be three presentations just like last meeting so
so we want start off technical design
at the bottom of the docking station whatever and
in this it looks to me
but and i think it's a bit redundant actually and

so but from now on warm use my pen anymore so be it just ordinary keyboard
so you don't have to walk what is the all the time
it has to be the fact that
we can put the logo our base station
you if you do that maybe you just bring it out in different colours but not off

remote control consist of components and
i've i got an email with some examples and that is a war were the most tiniest one you see
so probably them for most used buttons on the in the remote control
what you owe a display on it
that program information or a guy

maybe can bring a whole line with
that'll be for the future i
next we're here
just these are wanna show already
maybe we can bring teletext to the t. i. d. the result

control i dunno if that's a good idea of maybe is a little bit too much for twelve and a half abduction if we go already
the functions are not more to discuss i think it's
actually and it's also not i don't even think it looks like sixty or something it's
i've never seen it in the store
but everybody has a god is five eight

they're groups lots
it's from your research
like that was are do you know to give two more sturdy you look and it you could like you can throw with it i
no because the maybe the design know it's maybe it is a bit of a
it's a bit nineties maybe what we're up to write from to this point

i don't think our company colours for this fashionable
over here i control with this thing but i'll try
this is a remote because
but then we'll sell will need to bring out line of t. v.s which we were planning
responsible to you

you have the biggest
but what but when you put a transfer and plastic a screen on top of it isn't for mobile you can
no that's maybe not the most important is just
if a black and white that's on the old grey that
no but it doesn't set say anything about the colour or but

they're telling me that when we build a remote control of of plastic or rubber the buttons have to be rubber to
on the bottom of the remote you can
you can you open the conceptual design presentation
when you put a maybe a colour l. c. d. screen and it's very special a very trendy to have a remote control for

you know the could do issue unless you kind of design
yes you can put a logo on top of it
and teletext yes also on the internet that
a lot of t. v.s shell when you said still

different colours
like maybe radios and television also in this in the same style but
curves us i think is that is already set resembles something like a p. or to me or something
want to it simplicity we have to big buttons and you can do whatever you want with these two buttons you don't need an l. c. d.

know we decided to use only basic functions no
but for the technical part and the material
they just can't drop it
our back

i'm not that i'm the expert for user friendly but not for trendiness
when we only use basic functions we're supposed to make the buttons larger
because maybe we can start with the technical functions but i don't think it's a
and then you push a button

if you save a perhaps a some tiny buttons aren't user-friendly then we wouldn't can implement that of course
you could make it but it's it doesn't i don't think it's covered with the design we're after
i have seen it done before you
i that's enough

i it's your point
i've nothing to fear
i've done some research again about trends from the internet
i got some ideas it

click on it
but do they need a creative artist or something like that to whom make it to feel like a vegetable or fruits
that's true it breaks it's not very solid it's first french i'll
yes real good colours

if we make a little bit greenish
we have very big this
it maybe you can do something ever if it's your own place or make it happen in your basement or something
democratic

things this is then the beer i don't know been
we've gotta find a balance of course and i think
what one thing special not so a whole
yes the texture of it

the opening i'll again
out i didn't receive any new requirements we should just
drawl really nicely of the best we can put the logo

that the rubber double curved case is is it a three dimensional curve in the design which is the
for mobile you can show with it then
l. c. d. we want to it simplicity

like in the watchers but remote control can lie on the table for a date and then you push a button and so you don't have
but then it's very functional to indicate which what a device you are controlling test
there's not a p. o. that's up to the markets if it's trendy because

yes maybe we can for bring a couple of a couple of types of maybe
in that emission know it's like more phone row ball and
but not off which you can switch from softer works it's also too much to the lawn wanna spend

yes because we have to we have to bring their logo and all that back into it
of fruit it's like a pear or so
and the button then

trendy too because that's the mode it you know it's a it's icsi a extent and you
we were going to imply that so that's the second important
because our motto is we put fashion

elderly people dark colours simple recognisable shapes so we'll probably wanna do
that's true but it has to be a little bit solid of the mustn't
that's true that's little i was wanting us

some symbols of fruits and vegetables maybe
lizzy
you want the l. c. d. display i don't want to in a three the house and so it's up to them if

and maybe i'm a banana is it's it's not easy for remote control but
programs you can zap to them with the page page down button
to be honest but i don't know if i'm

i think it's pretty funny to be honest
it's too much to maybe a week with the l. c. d. and the docking station and
yes but that remote controls are already on the market is simple

welcome to the conceptual design meeting
to implement some spongy thing maybe we can do it in the docking station at the bottom

technical design again
it and maybe very tiny on the remote control itself but

the properties of the case it has to be so it's a hard material like a hard plastic with
fruit is a yellow green red whatever sell

battery which i'd prefer because of its it's no independent of
next channel previous channel

about three minutes probably trendy i think
or do we skip the i don't

i've told about the three first points
we already have the the they stay see the edges then we once

what are those two so the russians
that's a good point and that's why i like the dark called our corporate no because

with the used rarity of
but it would be said was right about the televisions you have to be customised to

these are wanna show already summed up in the
i do like the for the to the idea of making a catchy colour design and the them because i do that i think it dark or would be to

the remote control but i know
that little bit too big i think

but you know the experts
i think it depends on the function

with a little bit larger i thought so but
i think we already upon the faded the skip buttons and it should and the volume buttons but that goes to that they have to be large i mean

i think i don't know why but i think that's trendy too because
catch colours fruit

most the most used buttons
that's my opinion would you

the most important thing is a fancy look-and-feel of remote control
exactly i got some ideas

part in it but with a little bit of fancy
maybe "'cause" then we have to do something that's far as

there's a stroke with with the dark colours
i've read somewhere that i've got some kind of fate fees alright

and that the docking say i think a spongy
big

especially
we just skip the house as easy as that so

i don't know been before so forget it and
we do we want to the got when we talk about the materials

designs we have to make one designer and i think
maybe two or three

what are the as a yellow
and do you guys figure out how do you guys think i'd

but i forgot the email with the possibilities and l. c. d. was a possibility for the remote control so why
and it's a price also for monochrome l. c. d. or colour l. c. d.

is this are you can start your future that's our
it's just an idea

no rule the world with it i
exactly is what a lot of them but if it was already were at war after you know to give it to do the soft touch in your hands and also the

bit solid of the mustn't be too when we know that too overwhelming be when you put it is it
can we combine it or something or with it yellow and black

jen now the opening

and it so some technical difficulties so the

so the first part of the minutes are very hard to read because there are two documents that one layer of each other so but

we talk about the components design it's really about material and the really the we bill the remote controls off

you when we use a remote doubled curved case you must use or rubber push buttons to that the rubber

which is the necessarily want to be trendy

the energy source i've got a lot of possibilities for that to

the basic battery which

here you have to have and a kinetic energy also

solar cells are also a bit weird for remote controls

i also the case material i think

or maybe do that expensive

a chip the chipset and the board it'll off the shelf also the speaker

also the speaker in the remote control and you want to retrieve it and the base

and the base station is also off the shelf all the materials

the simple electronic all chip is available with the led transmission or a transmitter

it's all off the shelf and

it resembles the design and mine for you know the

whole set of different remote controls maybe can bring

so go to the next slide

i. a. is still don't have any information about the user requirements i was thinking

we decided upon that in the last meeting

i i pointed them out here just to make it a little bit easier

if we go already something like a base

could read them and also maybe i don't know what

maybe i don't know what kind of information

i i'd i was just thinking about it then i got a problem to go to the meeting

they've got have like this very big r. c.

i think it's just a base things we'll read discuss the know fees you are or that kind of so that's

of so that's very easy

that's next

that's next channel i mean my next channel

i got an email

i got an email with a with an remote control with a base so

a base so it's just an idea

it puts an extra x. and on the simplicity of our remotes to make these two most basic functions extra big like

you want to act accentuate as you know

i've done some investigation and right and that some information from fashion watchers from paris and milan

some some findings the most important

our market really likes really like set and the third

set and the third point there in this order of all importance that's the point is a high ease of use and

younger market likes it all the

all the things of this year are surprisingly fruits and vegetables and spongy material i found this image

it up pictures isn't really good word but

sell remote controls in a look at two colours no

but how do we use fruit and vegetables in christ stick with the remote control i make

no but i think that our design already resemble some piece of fruit it's like a

there's always and displays of course remote control i mean i think

for a big team of artists

of the society's

we can make all attend designs we have

it's it doesn't have to resemble what i already said a specific piece of fruit which is to know like a fruity thing going on in this it

yellow real reaction

maybe we can if we got a docking station over here i

yes really fruit

it this is a docking station we can make our logo over here doesn't

over here doesn't work and then

the button over here or whatever i dunno

on the front of course because else you can find

level my this a little bit

closing down

see what was on the agenda

it's of course but i don't know what to display on it i mean

i have no only the t. v. channel with that we were for programs you

but it has to sell and then tie a title for programme or at least at a quite large part of it and then you get a very large l. c. d. screen because

but is it is in that already on p. c. a lot of new t. c.'s

yes all of course it's possible but

possible but you get it it implemented in the t. v.s and i don't think everyone's gonna buy a real reaction t. v. within a month off to the release of our remote control

and we i said you want to make your top marks i think by having an l. c. d. a. but

when we talk about the materials you know it's a good idea to use plastic in tears would softer rubber like that was are do

row ball and it adds nothing really you know

would you we can fall for it you want the l. c.

be careful would you

then when i go to the second channel what the what does it show me

that's not gonna work

but maybe in future it will be i think that when you are the first

it done before you know that like the be your employer universal remotes you have l. c. d. displays but then it's

if you can put a little l. c. d. display on that we do lots of information but i

i'm coming back to the costs again but i think we get a bill but pretty cheap design to see if they within our limits and i think

and i think especially colour l. c. d. which is really pretty trendy but i don't think i think it will be too expensive

then it then you get it done today

but i also got a possibility to put a scroll button on it but

we already you wear we already

in a do it has to be simple design which sturdy you it's not

not so a whole bag each of speciality

and b. i don't see how the in the else displays gonna anything you know all the design of all i think it's

i think it's slicker to have no l. c. d. we

it doesn't fit in our philosophy behind the whole remote

yes but when you want to have something special

yes but take care of it from another company

future that's our what makes it special

has a god is five eight and i the idea really

i the idea really like it you know the l. c. d. thing but i think it's not a good idea we have already mentioned all arguments and do

and the material i think it was a good idea to use the plastic and the rubber

yes maybe a bit of question is

for the spongy field so

this is the airbag kind of thing you can

thing you can see so if you're a little brothers have

but not black or think

if it's fruits and vegetables it has to be colourful

be true but it is our company colours

that's our we have to use yellow

we can as site

but what are other test technical things we have to discuss

different phones

