the method of the remote control is just a function of remote
it's makes it very easy for us to implement to find remote control button remote control function

but it should be i think it should be a combination but teletext buttons
but teletext buttons are not in our design so it should
just or d. e. c. design we can make a design when they're not my much buttons in it so

all i mean if you have few buttons know display i mean i it's working with a shift functions and one button can
and if you use that stick for volume control and channel selection you have them to most important function in one button
and we could have a other buttons for the advanced other functions
and just one function and the problem to programme button to switch to to channels when you have something and channel four n. something on channel six just one button which can jane's

volume and the zap buttons are mostly used so
volume they are most use a lot but more than all the other buttons so
so you know i've just push a button or change the channel or to not the volume something like

the rest is just one chip there are few buttons connected
there are few buttons connected the buttons

so it should take out eight buttons or so but not as in my opinion
and the more luxury a remote controls and let them buttons and i
could only let's the buttons the use most so that channel switching
but not for each button one letter think
but d. c.'s don't have all a buttons
i don't think people would bother walking to t. v. and press that button because they are lost the remote
if you want to go to channel nineteen you only have that button
the fewer buttons you can use on it

but i think these that and buttons look a bit dull but you think
but with buttons like that which are easy to use we my coat rack and two so

remote controls so we might want to build in the future to support them some audio signal like one phones
and your remote controls and start a beep and
think so because when you have the newspaper over your remote controller you cannot see it so
i wouldn't buy personally remote control without that and it's and i
maybe it can be combined with us find the remote control so
when you add speech recognition to your remote control it's very easy to change the channel that's one thing and it's
thing and it's very easy to find your remote control

so that was the main important thing what a remote control should do and i found
and i found that are two different kind of remote controls the multi function
and there are lots of people complain they kind can find the remote controls so
the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which you can go and at the form some kind of online and then the remote control reports itself so

of the remote work
about it but we should not support teletext in the remote because
and that's about the user interface i come up with and easy remote control and the advanced remote control what should
but how does how this d. remotes are reports it we give back to the user in what state is because

control so keep that in mind
just a function of remote control is to send messages to the television set
it's almost every piece of equipment every piece of every t. v. set is controlled infrared there are some exceptions
but most of all have infrared controls and
already and our video sets and and there's a special button that find the remote control button you press it and your t.
you press it and your t. v. set starts to make a kind of weights out and your remote controls
we do not control the t. v. set so
and even if the t. v. set would have such a button you would have to walk you t. v. is
i was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling by these kind of sticks or something like that i don't know if it's

remote control should only be used for television because it's not
the multi function and remote control but many possibilities but the lack of the feeling i already bands and in the previous discussion and ease of use remote
and ease of use remote control with the last possibilities a great feeling in touching the buttons
my personal preference where ease of that use remote control because the user
just for a for used is user or friendliness i should choose for the ease of use remote control

and it might attract all the people because it's easy to use
so we should for least a bit look at the all people but

and doesn't little bit you just for your imagination how the device like this should look or can look
is maybe there's not a possibility you can make it look
yes and is also looks more fancier think i think
but i think our next step to look at is just that's so i don't think
a bit of a split know to look like
folder so if you want to have a look at it you know where to find it
it depends on the on the looks on the
costs i will have a look at it maybe you'll get
folder if you want to look at it just do

recognition so and we should implement such about
but i think there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by implementing a speech techniques voice recognition that these kinds of things

