'cause it's a big i think fifty percent of the users loses its control within the same room so
no and we have customers in multiple concerts i think
the f. five
i like you sends a standard also the best
i i kinda like the shape and i think this is what we
from that's not the whole remote that changes as we can
no but that's the side they look to look at least the front so if you make
research has shown that it's a high interest it's in features they are
critical so
the younger audience so we
home some calculators you have a lot of those little l. c. d. did you can click on or some politically go out
it could be such a little bit that you can click in and out in it and you have this
or is it fine just integrating design to make it more the more trendy
recognise what looks more like a calculator to people if you will have the the thing on top
but you don't have to throw important aspect an important aspect like familiarity a completely away a because

in black and white but it became like an purple but if you can
i think the most the functions underneath that's
we're a look at these numbers the newest features
so i do think we have to have some features
so it just signals the different stick a different symbols on the screen you have a because
just at the top so when you sit use
we'll draw to a know
discussion here i dunno what are your problem either
and i think it's better at the top
as i did see from a bit exaggerated i agree with you i

we familiarise to sell with the boards and then we discussed
it should actually here is there should be loose from the television because
from the television because it can also be used for a television news so if you deliver
but the whole picture about an
but i think it's very important to make the power channel and volume buttons and near to the phone so you can to have every see consequences
you don't have to locate and search for them
but that's that is that usable the people
it's recognisable
why do you think it's better to bob

and now i have a look of
a text goes out we
let's forget about it's
i don't know maybe that's an idea "'cause"
like the requirements that we're gonna have specified of work on the targets are younger audience
that's about sixty percent of the market so it's
is this a form from another manufacturer
at the bottom and that way you could keep the shape recognisable for everybody and

it's quite logical are all that
out we will not use teletext
the buttons of course and the user interface sense the different signals of different buttons to the chip
give it a signal to a chip the chip senses
t. v. set and the features are also recogniser to the signal of once you sign task
i think you have for the remote less is more since
competitors right so
are they are civil or something or

a shame because especially for the birds requirements we want to reach people on the thirty years
because we don't have those customers a lot but at this point
company i read said i really don't know i didn't know
know i didn't know what country where but
alright then we're going to have three presentations you want to start
beeping device should be it
i think our the user expert should also consider menu a mental for the remote of course
and it should be consistent with all the remotes

then we can make some decisions about our remote control functions we have to be
not too many what buttons one recognisable
and the led to do is in is that being the signals the it's a very simple and signals the signals to the sense on t. v. set and the features
for instance you couldn't see this
when you sit use it like this you gonna come watch i think
come watch i think should be at top
something like with some radios in the car you where

and then we can discuss some more closing
i think you should put more time in the design of pick up and use than the manual
so and next
because the most important buttons and you can
i use my own experience with remotes to
something like this it's recognisable
kind of things because you also have those those programme recognition for your fit p. c. r.s

so we said that we have to merge the strong points from our competitors and look at their
because you have a d. v. d. in a television
do so we have this it's a bit unclear
it's a bit unclear because i want
think it's not very and not very high-tech a
so the younger

how he is that we started presentation show
moving time you have that
and i used to it
i think this is what we talked about it
so like i said i thought we'd use more function if we have to include more functions that we
maybe we should to centralise the discussion here i dunno

i thought it was the age between sixteen and twenty nine ten percent of the people like that so
that so it's very important we should definitely have that in our design
i've some covers because it's a very basic
i think we should go for the with the idea of removable front so we can
i was just one script

i have a look of i think we should show "'em" before your presentations because
remotes to go to that look remotes on the corporate website which are these two
i think it's you got it just means she's script that's the key to the rolling it's not

i got this mail from our boss as
it's if it's a new feature it you
really matter they all have to have something about the recognition from our company so we

the second is the bit she pity because we just
and next i don't know who is next few about
if you look at shape should just a simple one box shape

so it might be sensible to make some kind of a button on your television that's your your control beeps or something that you can find it very easy i don't know
it's a very basic one and
one and then score is we if we going to add an l. c. d. screen to it to want to look anything like this but this

but what if you lose your click on device
i've got another point
audience so we must mouse design a control that's really speaks to people

that's about twenty percent i thought but
but the design it's a take it to it's consider the consequences of using your mouth
or the lowest part of the remote isn't change that fronts those

so we might consider l. c. d. screens
and then the sources of course the user and the user interface
so but we do to start with the power button

alright i will consider both them and see
you can put same symbol on every remote so
you can click away and then you have much more functions that most people don't use but some doubt we do

purple
but if you can read is
our audience these people are very light peace the features you see

the the the bold but since the infra-red been to the mall to the set
i think that's partly but
the ticket the l. c. d. is like a small it's

exactly this is of the basic function of remote i've some covers because
or we have to change the that's the two that's
that's the two that's so that it becomes more you three and at

if you have the most used buttons all in one place and you keep making the same moves but if you if
but then in a case the basic function should be it's a it's i think
no it's not be integrated

like this like some little a gameboy things are some
i am i gonna user interface designer
should we start with the most important parts the l. c. d. screen

that's the old is i was a line from the inside and that's
i think so twenty minutes go
i thought that we which use the option to control b. d. v. d. also and teletext and that kinda

stands be honest at all right now
this one is engineering centred so
need

i think the top that's more
that he thinks
that he thinks it's better to put the l. c. d. at the button and i think

in the world the just have a look at the notes from the previous meeting what we for we had is this i that's but
i don't know do you also have the received the mail a new project requirements from our bosses

we look at the new project requirements we
the materials should be hard plastic with rubber from that i've and

and look at their remote controls we
and if your remote extent of also we you they can display which program you currently watching

we should make it compare with a new d. v. d. and all really she's we have a technical releases
we can make a symbol of the company right here and it

it's one of ideas i
and i don't can see like i can select on the things i go to

that's just some ideas from the first meeting it's quite
like l. c. d. screens and voice recognition but

so that's a shame because
then my can get to the presentation

and not only does the shape but also our company
that's important to know where we design thing or

what country where but we design yes especially trendy a trendy so it has to
so i the technical paul alright

i'm going to tell you something about functional requirements
start with these points

they do use and then i tell something about the most important issues so
teletext is not an option so that's but i think

the current user uses his machine just about also time for a few functions almost
almost every user uses it's the control for use ten percent of its capacity so

so it's really important to make the buttons for the common other tasks a kind of decor kind of flashy
so if you deliver a small click on device that you can put on your television that keeps to your remote control everyone can use it know you

furthermore is for safety five percent of the user says that's a lot of this it
the chip senses the connection and recognise the key so

of this it might be it might be smart to make a daycare zapping button or something in the middle so you can reach it was just on
a lot of users the users lose their controls and i in their living room so it might

know you can click it on your television
it's a part of the you know

i think in the room
learn so the learning curve should be very short for the don's people should be able to use it

we are design team we can
right that's the most important part

we'll have a look
have a look yes

so it's quite important
works you have the energy the power of the remote control

with twelve euro fifty as production cost we can't afford an l. c. d.
right but we're making a remote with that with a few functions you know but

will consider it so
i don't think l. c. d. is more or reachable and then the speech recognition so we might

the short your thoughts to look into the costs of those i and i think
don't have any information on that so

we have very demonic lines
it's not yet stand that development set those so we

i think it is sensible to you to take these points into the notes so
the notes so you can write

f. five
next button

maybe you can select it's it's the first
right continue

the key so you instead the chip that
the chip that produces a morse code a specific go to indicate that specific button is pressed course and

and it's not very user-friendly if you look at shape
that's very important and

i also if someone puts of picked up this remote
first thing is you know it's that's right

you said at some pictures of the inside workings but so i don't
workings but so i don't want to get too technical because

i think it's good how it works alright
i agree with you i

then we have still the times we do
we do have to come to decision right

but we have to reject that because he's going yes
from different sites but i think it's

every remote so like a rich and does this on a free
the younger

but let's not focus on the front so
right we go with the l. c. scroll

maybe some less like reject
because most other remotes have some space left at the bottom and

they are i interesting feature but they are more critical
but they are more critical of

and the bottom side of the front has looked at it a little
and if that's gives you a little bit of steps as information

even though the cost a little more
five minutes you have for programming so

i can take it take which program you're
so and i'd like to use the other ones on the top so

which program you're watching or so
those kind of things

right to start to take a typewriter
we should have a general idea of how it's gonna look

thing is terrible
'cause most remotes are some space left at the bottom

i think mike has a point because
and a week it

away a because i think it's a
maybe a day care that are white we want

have it at the top because it's it's more familiar that way
it but that's not a problem is one i draw here

great man who starts

i'll star just with another presentation sell

presentation sell then we can look at it at the agenda for this meeting

put some new things in a minute

i don't know that shortcuts

functional design meeting it's just a screen and you also

and you also all three of you have prepared something about it

and then we'll look at the free presentations from you

i think you for pets the order

requirements we i don't know

i've received the mail with some additional requirements and now

because it's not really smart said to to include some things weekends because of the new requirements

we have to be we have to decide in this meeting what our functional be

do we have forty minutes for this discussion

like the closing normal to look at it yet

are now look at for that this board

the notes for the meeting

i gave it is a presentation we familiarise

and then we discussed some first ideas so

one recognisable button in the middle where you do the most important function with and

and they can have to functions because

you design have to fit be hands be original but also be familiar

i there is just thirty minutes ago so it's not quite

ago so it's not quite we have to do with the materials

and the labelling of the buttons should be injectable it's

it's should be a recognisable at all times yes

it's not very easy what does that

for for the remote just like mobile telephones

and that the technical aspects another lady not the buttons to functions should be universal standards that's just

now the new project requirements all just showed i got this mail

maybe a new sort of thing but not teletext

i disagree but

i disagree but it's not set so my place to disagree i

because we just said we want to be included d. v. d. and

they don't want it's because of our time we have for this project

as a bit pity because

as a bit pity because he just do most people want to have one remote control for all those thing devices they can which

let's forget about it's time consuming so we're

and that our corporate image should stay are recognisable in our products so

so we have to use maybe a slogan maybe colour and so on

on our remote controls the design has to be as we already said that actually familiar and

we are real of fashionable company i read

so it has to be a model designer that's important to

i a note that our slogan that we have our company itself we

itself we can put the fashion in electronics

so maybe that's a slogan we can put somewhere on a remote control or something alright then

you want to start "'cause"

i think i have to start i no

i didn't see anything about let's start let's

no that's no problem i

let's start

i just have to i think which files mine "'cause" i was is

'cause i was is that enron

item you already opens the powerpoint

at first to tell you something about what's people dislike about the current controls because it's

because it's a smart thing to exclude those things

things furthermore it's very important what to do like and what they do use

so we have to focus on those three things and

things and indians show you a our target audience or our target project users customers

the first findings are that people think most controls are afraid kind of under a bit

that's seventy five percent of the current users they don't like it so

they don't like it so we might think about fronts in that section

they also say that's about i thought that was fifty percent that more money will be spent on better looking controls so it's very important

so it's very important that you designed a you can control

but if someone somebody else uses it in and out of the room so

no but it's specifically sets it's the control is lost in the same room

no we'll have a look at it

furthermore the learning time is a problem furry

furry for eighty four percent since it's too it too difficult to learn so the

but people don't read them and

so it is uses to add

is uses to add one you think

yes you should could take a look at it and then know without supposed to work

i wish you should always be a menu but can

be a menu but can be very short

but nobody with a menu know about the remote control

maybe for the if you don't recognise a button or would you would you like all when you don't know

right it's it should be the manual but not to

but not to explain how the remote works only

remote works only

and we don't have much time so

don't have much time so it's better to put our attention to the design so you can pick up can use it than i thing

design team we can say to some a writer make a menu all point

next point and i see

consider the

using your mouth it should be a good thing and

where it like the requirements

research shows that they like to have little l. c. d. screen on their zapping a device

that's going to be expensive

but that they do think it's really important so if we want

if you make lots of maybe we can bites very cheap i dunno we have to

we look into that later alright

and another thing is speech recognition they also

like that but research is very costly so

i think that's difficult to realise also

but it might be important for sell

alright i will consider

we can rule them out yes

you know i like i can i still see your presentation

i just might have to explain have to point out the working design

next button

because i want to copy pay something it was reading

something it was reading in black and white but it

i i think it's points of view to realise the basic function of remote control

things i go to the next page

click

go ahead

it's not a whole new this is a schematic a few of how were basic remote control works you have

and the senate which is the left the

and the user interface is and can we do with the buttons of course and

to the chip sends it to the left and

sends it to the left and that sense to see that's the that's

see that's the basic idea to a base

i have so i put it in in a in a couple of basic steps the remote

the remote it's just waiting for used press a key does nothing

press a key does nothing until of course the keys pressed give

is pressed course and i'd use transistors and in a remote control to amplify into sense that signal the game to the left which is the bulk of course

so it is also why we have to have a button that says and now busy with the d. v. d. if we had done that and the button

and the button for t. v. so

but this is very it doing the shape of of a remote control

of a remote control does very little buttons and but

buttons and but that it's quite you can easy recognise

you can easy recognise the buttons the

the buttons the far enough apart and then and i think it's not very

high-tech

more you three and at the problems like a energy and that's kind of thing don't look don't occur

i have a table where abouts the that relevance of the buttons the power button

the power button is used very much channel selection volume and teletext teletext is not an

buttons and you can immediately

them big make an easy to to press

but if you would put it in a different place then you have to move your hands and that's

move your hands and that's one of the things about our z.

as a month a lot of

you can't have any every button under the some of course

no but the most important buttons but maybe you can just put "'em" a bit apart so you would project every or z. resign

that's very important

maybe you can make for channel changing too little buttons on the side of the remote so you can just do like this like

that's all the format mobile telephones they also have those buttons

the people when they pick up the remote know that we have to do that

a new feature it you can make it make a double feature that like a button on the top and on the

but if you say it says up and down the on the senate thing as i think eighty

if someone puts a bit of picks up this remote any picture but you touch the side and he's already on the next channel that's very irritating

channel that's very irritating i think

continue

it's a it's i think that's a good idea

that's a good idea and then the less important buttons like the different channels or the numbers one two three four five times or should be not in reach because

not in reach because they don't use it to all the time

it's a pretty busy as you said at some

so you were part of the job

so that's the old is

about it i think i so i decided

i so i decided it is but i

it is but i have to make a schematic of the very i added

very i added to little time but sit

to little time but sit down there don't look at this least i think it's

we on the stands be honest

that's the most important thing

sell

i thought everybody on the web sites the to the same thing but

but office not that's not the case

there are different we've all of that and homepage with different links

the method

engineering centred so this one is the most functions and things this one is user centred

and so i thought we would use more of need more buttons then this one but

that slide this and is not relevant anymore different

i think this is about the maximum number of buttons will need

you can really see it different from different sites but

no i've i shows

you can draw to figure

so we can customised

so we cannot just make someone

so if you make a front with just a tiger on it then that are recognition is done

we must and

we can but on the back side

right here and it if you put the front on it's a there's a whole on the front so simple so i see

so that you don't replace a simple

kind of yes

functions that we don't so

i think this is about the maximum number of buttons we need maybe some less

like reject we don't need and some other but we don't need

by shaking you put the picture for me on in a word document file in that

since the less buttons the better the design and

we should go with that concept i think

i agree

point there are two target or the audiences and we've

audiences and we've chose for the younger one

i'd home have a remote that has the most familiar buttons on top and

but because you say they're features are important they want and i'm lots of

but what kind of features like l. c. d. screens

the newest features a real like i said are the l. c. d. and speech it control

so we most guilty something or they will to go to the concrete as

our competitor

as competitors right

maybe we could to sit home some

go out to of the remote and if that's

screen you have a because if you change use a channel to you have to on the screen and to one when you were when you're l. c. d. screen

we should keep it simple to do

but she did you really be capable my or is it

car you where it's walking

but that's of course a bit more expensive than the basic calculated design it to the scrolling text and that kind of thing

it's not it's five minutes of implementing time i think

so i don't think that's the issue

no we still need to know how much that will cost

would you know but we'll have to look in that

maybe you'll get that information

we can use this board again i think we can

we can put some decisions about the controls we want the issue with the where's my presentation

where's my presentation

i understand that

these i've already given you so we have to decide

so we have to decide on the different remote control functions

so we want to have a small l. c. d. screen that's special

at the top of or at the bottom

the l. c. d. screen l. right so but we

we sit how to use that you

you just sit in your chair

but with the l. c. d. screen on top it gets is that a natural "'cause"

but that's where your hand or my be

i we're busy with something you

but you just input to the the whole interface a bit down for that

a bit down for that there's room for the interface

a small it's that's why it's

that's why it's not high but

because when i use a remote i hate the balkans button because at bottom so and i'd

as a power button always

power button always

on the top so when i have to have an l. c. d.s so we know

it's also more recognise what looks

we don't want them to look like calculate you want to look

you don't want you want it it must be a remote

calculate you want to look at like our original got familiar

high tech

i think it's still important to have it at the top because

with the form of a form of line live with

one i draw here it's

it needs to be calibrateds

that's the talk about that later

