then we have on back on the front so the logo in the upper corner which is
and we thought about the logo big in the middle or so
or so again the double arc you have done the
non backed maybe that's too much but
and about the side view of this the front won't be as sick but
like that of course but i think they all did they think that did that came look of it is also i think it was a good for them so
or fourteen
are there enough technology
is a device easy to use yes we have
there because the problems they will buy it a special colour

as sick but again that the drawing technique makes it very difficult to really
they the the side view we didn't
you know holding it like this or something
any other suggestions
i put some questions in the words file see if i can find
perfect so but we have to be critic critical about it and i have to
i had to fill it in
you have to use a chip so
but then i don't agree i think

this is our design and it's pretty
we have for the different perspective of it
that fits the our double r. logo is in there
comes to that later you
you're a very personal
and i have to take all these points and get the average at the end so
her from style yes one is the
they had to be some kind of trouble along the way

i agree
in the middle in there
like your all your telephone
i agree on this
whether that's the reason to put the l. c. d. screen of course on the option i know
for as far as i can see three of us agree and
are the functions easy to do
and features include also one

is great but it's it's larger a you want to grab it
sell for
live there no that's not relevant
but would i would then we have to lose the l. c. d. screen
that is actually two curves that's how you it's
then we have two dollars less profits come
why don't we replace the titanium it's plastic call what type they mean the

let's start at the beginning just one by one
that's have all the people it's more that's
is it easy to change channels
change channels i think so
so the last one to seven easy
no not false it's
i think it's as easy as it can be made to

l. c. three a hand dynamo
why should we use the advanced chip
you know if because my information says it
what happens if we do
that's plastic is
audience but it's useful if it's important for people
we have to focus to get more people from the younger group but not

that and and we had some some presentation from you tree and
and i summarise what you said to us so
if i made mistakes a real
correct
channel up and volume

it fits it's it's the and it would mean the
know but that's that's that's more market research so there's be
the sample speaker this
way that's a bit an optional option
i think that's a bit double you know we don't need

three alright
buttons feel soft so i would say at least two
this is the last meeting
single
they mean the titanium coloured plastic

you have some very strange layout
you can you can it did what is the one that i really do the evaluation criteria on this
do we designed it so
and make all plastic there we are we there were there

it's also copy page from what we make together so
and also here are the two of buttons we on or we have the button
all these test and i would do would be that this would all be
when i e. i. e. my personal taste is it a one to fall over my hands with a fake but

which is made which is also part of the back and part of the titanium titanium part
or we have the button on it
and maybe you can grab it a bit higher of
but you have to put it to the customers

maybe we maybe should finish first they are talking then you can
the sides i haven't seen yet
no i know but that what i have to evaluate it so
i would take too much time

of course the voice recorder is at the bottom and
of it's easy
you can make it cheaper but if you don't
or you see it's or change that

manager you can make the hard decision
yes so i correct we will
it necessary but it became if it's a
to a because the titanium back

alright if you figure that's the way it's a two
for me i would buy it but say like
you when we have to take every everyone into account so
this is just a short intro i'm going

do we designed it so of course so we are very
it doesn't really resemble any fruits that's true but
fruits that's true but do we have the the spark a fruity colours of course and
it isn't worth it

meeting man
yes we have not many buttons
course and you can also have a lot fronts with with fruit on
that saying and a strong and

a hand dynamo we come on the remote control
elementary
we have very little options
but what the me a story

very interesting
you to present this your prototype
it so i had already files you where you would data do that sell

that later
the later so firstly i'll show you the nodes in i don't think it's very
i don't think it's very interesting

with makes it also a bit more exciting and basic rounds or a square buttons and also here
little things like you we don't know maybe a thousand
this gonna be done at the end of seven point scale criteria so i made

any case we'll discuss it now and i
think so because the voice recorder isn't not self learning
yes look that's

we don't know maybe a thousand people are many
people are many people
note the advanced chip

and we're we have to answer now
we say if you function so
it out we have to do the twelve and a half the speaker

think it was a good for them so i think we both have considered can see that you do you with and also a bit older people so i
and i think things are failing to a because the titanium
the rest of the buttons feel soft so

the device easy to find if you lose it
no we didn't implement anything about that
it's easier to find then a normal black one or something because

device are as a noise sensitive
i agree
with a free

does occur have one curve that is
one curve
one curve simple

but i think you'll agree that the that we that now we have this screen it's very not practical the had to consider this after we've designed entire thing
plastic is
and also the older people will like it because of that and because a

you want to jump at the name
we use plastic
plastic is already in colour i think

i agree
all right it's not a target audience but it's
group but not lose the one

for meeting
but you know we did we have we designed it to be perfect so

though i'll show you the notes again very interesting
at the back

that's important too
it depends on the sides if it's kinda small

from overall from all of us
so i don't think it's very interesting though to it again sell

it's a colours
that way if it falls into your hand i think

repeated alright
we designed it to be good looking at all

together so we still now that and then we can we
next you too will present said about spurts out for us

are you going on supplements
add suggestion maybe i don't know but i don't know just press two bits and

of it will begin there but the front
so that's the logo in the upper left or right corner and we have the buttons

we have of course the round shapes the round the basic shape
no on then the whole

and of course the slow parts of this is the l. c. d. screen
is that you can make your suggestions if you want

if i look at it decides the side view
logo that's what we were thinking about and

press two bits and a way of the media so quick
of guys have everything i on the front

the back is of course to be titanium and
is the material attractive that saying

you have done the logo in front of non backed maybe that's
"'cause" that are some things that we might have a bit it might have forgotten

and you can recorded to using the back of the device
four i think it if you look

that's the question
of us agree and one wins

this would all be this was mikes prototype then you're using
six and

i decided we eat
it now and i think it this is a pretty good a good idea

you know you don't even grab it you know
but then we've got to rented be easy way evaluation process again

don't have it like this and we have more like this but do you're using buttons
it so i have to take this questionnaire

you you're using buttons that way or if you're right
they sell

because if you have a screen on it you wanna look at the screen
energy sense this

fifty five percent of "'em" so
percent of "'em" so what do we think

nee not no but
the samples because for

do we find a good-looking we
i what do they mean with curves again because

it's good looking
if you put put the black front on it or something

and all that was our target audience of course but that's also
already we can also make it flat

it's not a device that
but at any might be of for older people

right so the number please
curved so you said it's double curved and he

what do you which buttons
the power channel volume buttons easy accessible

i agree that it is
you but the worst is all this is

it has to go to twelve right so far
what cost a lot of the samples because

the remote control has a battery
the for the l. c. d. a. you had said

where the l. c. d. screen that
and convert or with the regular chip

what's the difference between a simple and a regular chip
there is normal

you have to use the advanced chip if you have to l. c. d. screen
a cost nothing that's

but if you have a regular chip you can't have the l. c. d. screen
we need to have the l. c. d. screen

but it's on a one half a day it doesn't
i live there no

you know you we have an advanced chip on print and we
chip on print and we have an l. c. display i think that's

sense
because i thought this could be a bit cheaper already we

if you make people brenda where they are willing to pay more but
but because we use a brand at the front or not at the back if you have lots of marketing people might buy

agree i think
and then you have read each shoe prints will be looking dom remotes that and that no one would buy

yes and the feel and
feel

but you can better damped l. c. d. screen
i don't think you should on the l. c. d. screen

some extra deciding

data do that sell then you were a task rather than

task rather than i'll show you how we're going to do with financing this design

and then we'll evaluate after we have redesigned it's because

because we'll see about the costs

evaluated our production

and then we can close

the finance the later so

how many and then

this copy text so

for me of course from overall

we do we went to that and and

sell

this is what we designed it's also copy page

and it's pretty much a like my role and room and close in the during the last meeting we have for the different

the with the upper part to being the front

the front so this part and which is made of hard plastic fun and

and we're using different colours of

using different colours of course of the launch we use the basic up the colours and

colours and later will pull out more in chicago for different television pictures anything but

but different colours but colours not black too dark fancy car

then we have to do our part of the device which of

which of course parts back actually because

back actually because it's also taking it and

it and see it also on the on the side view is only this

is only this part is the front and

part is the front and the rest of it on the side of it the back side and the lower part of the front is of course taking it made of titanium and has

titanium and has the titanium corps of course the look

it's a double r. but

it's a double r.

it's a double r. the logo

but it's very difficult to draw

the logo it's a difficult to draw so small that fits the our double

and we have the buttons

it's difficult of all again the little oval or rounds i think oval will be

i think oval will be better for the for the different channel buttons

so there or oval those are here and then we have

the come to the the volume and the channel controls in the middle here

with i've ever shapes with makes it also a bit

on it buttons in the middle of the operators of the channel and volume changes and then we have here the

and then we have here the menu button and

menu for the l. c. d. screen

are talking then you can add suggestion maybe i

the back with the logo in our the

we thought about the back is

way and the company slogan we sorta in kind of arc shaped above the logo that's

or in there before it gets the voice of course the voice recorder

when i look at it when i look at this side view i think what i have that in my head it's terrible it

but it won't be visible

it you know if this is fake and this is clearly that they realise all for your hands but

what i what i agree is that when when left edge of an arc in the middle so that's the at the end and the problems is a bit thicker so that is false all for your hands

if you hand or remote do you usually don't have your hand straight like this you that

if it's kinda small this is c. is great but it's

and how large is it

that's the question

you have all these test

that we do not but now you have a different

it's really they're all the time

the size doesn't really matter i mean side

we eat to decide if

to decide if you do we weren't paying attention to do

i agree with the l. c. d. screen you if it's

you if it's your palm like this you can what's what's screen and if you have to play it

and if you have to play it in the middle your hand might be o. four

you know how do you call them know

i think you to if you three and then that's it

you do the project manager you

we will do it like this alright if you figure

you use it was it unusable but do you know

a fake but in a market

but the you don't think this is completely unusable i i think

you might need it you might be target customer

so there's be like this at at this moment

let it be alright

but what about the redesign

that's more useful then just speaking

i'm going to do the if the evaluation this gonna be done

so i made i made a few questions on the hand of the it for most important the requirements and trends

and we have to look if our if our device it is working correctly

i i think you have all seen and this kind of evaluation so

of evaluation so i don't have to explain it the first question

the first question is is the size good-looking because normal

because normal but most people thought that earlier devices were ugly fifty five

when you were not quite objective about this

we designed it to be good looking

to the customers to

to put a so customers you have to take this questionnaire

but we can go up because the time pretty quick to this do we find

a good-looking we think so

at the end so we know where we stand "'cause" that

so's point four

easy to find

i i think so it's it's the point at what's the use of course if you look at the design and the colours and everything and all that

course but that's also not completely unacceptable for all the people i it's

it's more that's plausible so

people so i think it's very good looking and not only for

and not only for use young people

i think we shouldn't discuss any end point that long because i don't

long because i don't know how many buttons they are but

no i agree we

easy to change channels

you how can you make it any easier

one or something because the colour but

six

six right

we don't have to divide it beeps or when you lost in terms of what

easy to do the and we do we want we have all the lesson of

i agree

i think that i think this is too time consuming and

time consuming and not to what you but the worst

right there as she says that

that those the nine is the phase you're going are

the phase you're going are we still think so

device fancy meeting

technology also we have to

maybe two or because of the voice recorder

are the trends about fruit and vegetables you can do in our covers

in our covers her from style

it if you look at this

a three

but we'll have to design much more be cost

the average will come later

be cost there was some irritating account manager coming to me

i know of things there were going this movie

look that's the costs at this point

this sense or

take it out we

a half the speaker cost fact by far the most

that summer i mean format

no not at the end now

we could make two different versions one within one at what

one at what point is

it's just extra kick it out

so zero

there we go to fourteen point six

the titanium i don't want to lose actually

battery solar cars

we have a bit of a problem i think there's a

what's the first thing simple a regular

i read something about it but

nothing

i read something about that wasn't very clear idea

that wasn't very clear idea gonna be included in my report

how does do we win one

we have very little options for animal fur

that's a fact

we could say this special colour but isn't that isn't there because

a day it doesn't

a mass change the chip that back

then use thing you only have one have left

you must change the chip beckons

then the whole concept is

i know but that's what my information is i'd

i'd i didn't say put the advanced chip in there for fun you have to use it

but if you don't sell

you know we don't need both

the advanced chip is needed to have an l. c. d. display

for the l. c. d. screen

says he's that was the second meeting i think

again because we you have uncurved

i did single curved so

was whether they mean with the curves is it that it

is it that it does occur have one curve

that's how you it's are you located

but then we have use problem i think what did

i think what did we can ever get the below the file thing off

we have a big financial problem

we make it more expensive to buy

out if we if we make this fifty million they won't test data to add a resonator sell

or we could replace it

that's pretty that

that is pretty stupid

not very critical

if we we have to get cheaper

it's not be looking at looks remain

looking at looks remain the same

i think that i came just a provided at the top block and the

and the feel and then it is strong and

and because a all right it's not a target

i think that aims very important

we have a problem but

we can't down to special colour we use

