speech as possible to make the mass production because
what i found was that the actual use of the remote control is to send messages to the television at how
the television at how you that would
to on and off change the channel
change the channel adjust volume
screen l. c. d. screen it's easy to set of
but an l. c. d. screen a problem the l. c. d. screen is that elderly people from forty five four six five years don't use the l. c. d. screen a lot so we
so we have to get keep that in mind that if you're going to implement l. c. d. screen don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use
l. c. d. screen as in the screen
i don't know and everyone we see the email with the new project requirements no
according to our again that and then time to take a decision on the remote control functions
so who has any idea what should be on it and what shouldn't
a button where you can change from one number two members you
you know they've got a name
the of the for the television makes possible and that to the press one and then to make to reach and twelve but
five percent so i think to
l. c. screen just like like a drum it
right but you don't want to eighty the other
because you are the marketing expert
are all posted
and maybe a little bit three indicator on the screen
but you also forget to put it in this is so it on the couch
that's also a great advantage because

good and we was to look at new project requirements if you haven't heard about them yet and of course we have to take
and of course we have to take a decision on the remote control functions and we
which makes a a connection that's
and that makes
subcomponent i suppose that you and so on so called this for in this example it's the button
what is press down the switch is there is is switched on so with
buttons that touch at the screen the buttons because
you can see they're very different the
different the one that's got all the functions that you could possibly need them a lot of buttons etcetera any
you must not do that
than forty and now we have current customers for the buttons
whole be and that's how to reach those
another thing know costs at all
but then we have to be that there are the batteries go all of our six o. five six of them

is how it works
i personally breath prefer that's a good for come available and affairs colours and easy to use buttons but i suppose of the one
up if you get teletext but
if you use it your c. d. player the remote control as as some like samples
read them not in this presentation
and of course we make it more costly i think our current
our current customers are within the age group of forty plus new
you said that she should
so i think is better than the t. v. sets down the remote should spend
when you done with so where we are watching a television you have to put it
but it's a lot of functions you have to us was fine
that would be useful to imply implement both

you should have because all the t. v.s will have them or because
an thing and it should be a user friendly clear buttons and not too much
and it should be easy to use especially the phone models channel buttons and the number buttons to set to the channels
and then i think it's a good thing that i made a separate slide of them so
i can tell you them from my laptop
so the easy and fast

to these this meeting so
and that's my presentation
that means that functions use an want to have from the remote control or
and you don't see the buttons so l. c. d.
according

shall i go next "'kay"
kim young and i looked at the technical functions design of the remote i get this by
thing is you could reuse the buttons are you don't have to have
so l. c. d. screen should be easy
or with one on the chi only the t. v.

forty six to forty five to thirty two percent and
but that's later so
i should we pose that in our project now folder
but that's easy that's a back-up plan that we would use
and on or less important things are screen settings audio settings and channel settings but

the secretary which means i will make ten minutes a set of the
to let you know what that is
because it just discuss the functional requirements of the remotes that
about the remote i think it would be better with the person reference but remote control has

a set of the previous meeting and also
you don't know how much it costs you don't know
it should be a standard move to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television that's also
to implement that you say volume up and those

because the customers have to use them and
because you only have a wide screen to for fingerprints and they can use it again
i think that they will send you some information about the cost of l. c. d. screen so
it's pretty but apart

thirty five percent of users also find it i. d. and feel
feel seventy-five to use zap a lot so the buttons
put one option and then you have all the buttons of that option so to other
you set it should only one that one appliance or with one on

scratched all for all this
you talk about that before and last
but i think that that collides with our mission to make it very cheap as l.
and eighty percent of the users would spend more money would in a remote would look fancy

otherwise project becomes more complex which endangers
people also me all that will
all that will they use it if it only has an l. c. d. screen
to make it possible to not display a button at ten points or

make twelve and that's that's a relaxed
know that and and draw some models that down so accommodate that function so
because our target is sixteen to forty five
c. d. remote because it's new as far as i know

the younger people i have no sixteen to twenty five h. r. of a new one percent interest an l. c. d. screen
to miss have two three minutes or
advantage because you can't lose any more use
it has to be easy to use also or four days the market share speaker speech recognition

maybe you can make something fancy out of an l. c. d. remote because it's new
and power so power usage
because we're watching t. v. you're zapping you have to put in a recharger don't
when the battery don't know

they were already our functional design meeting and
and perverts
so and systems or a text or something

i don't know wants to go first with this presentation
or in the l. c. d. screen
that's seven year

that what after it's being compose but the chip the signal that is transported to to the infrared bulb and from that it signals
and that but that section we're going to focus and adjust
the last point was i think they should be there or not

and as the says it before there we can make seven designs
'kay so because it just discuss
music actually the method i

the stereo because place play and stop and the thing is you could you
are the younger people going to buy a remote control elderly people and that but that
or should be covered or

new
about in a subset menu or something like that i
use batteries and use a but batteries to to be

and thirty six to forty five fifty five percent so
but we don't you don't have any costs now so
you just have to be big

and the wheel we not icsi they are are a production
if you want to just like for trouble just audio settings press only on the touch screen you get the buttons
that's a problem

two percent and sixty four fifty six a six five twelve percent but our
and then the other thing that's in five percent said a lot but that's
machines you put a button of fourteen text on the for people want to use it

but our project requirements are the new product should be a reach for new market with customers that are younger than forty
but you also forget to buy batteries and then you can you
or have to be that the batteries last couple of days for the search

if you have an l. c. d. screen that brings old town no
of those that's for extra but you have first to turn the remote on and then you
because i don't think people would like it will work that you have to do it on first be and then use it so

c. squared thirty five for speech recognition so
so i think is better to keep it with l. c. d. screen
but it's also be that should also l. c. d. screen because

the first and the first
in our solar power use is also one time an hour so we high power

i think that control
which sends the signal to to let you know what

i'm a little templates which
because the l. e. n. l. c. d. screen you run it on batteries there is a

the findings i found searching up some minor detail information about the remote controls are that they are very easy to produce the
the speech as possible

as my contribution
as my contribution to this meeting and

can do that but the essentials of is there
maybe to make it possible to do that

and then to make it i will make so that you can put use it a more than one appliance we have one
we have one that and that doesn't defeated the video it could also work with with the stereo because

remote control has to have a low power users because
and you said something about the speech recognition

we high power usage we would use a lot but there is
but do you all said that we should not only focus on the younger people also me

more often and are more technical than all the people and all the people
and that's done by m. o. we are uses the

and our personal references i don't have any more time to go with that but i at
makes it a lot easier

the remote control should only be used for the television otherwise project
that we would use but it's if it's a too expensive

last point but also very important our corporate image should stay recognisable in our products which means
which means that's our corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design so we

know they've got a name
this is so it on the couch i don't know

i think it's easy to implement the button we discussed what with respect to do that because
respect to do that because some t. v.s if you press that is one and then the tool it be between five six to make twelve and

and next twelve
only thing you have to do was what the screen off once it's time to get all the fingerprints of it

you can adjust which buttons you want on the screen
and is just a cable or even a charger we can man and something like that just you

but market share for four years ago were hired and sixty five in your
change the whole be

that it'll look fancy with the l. c. d. screen
like that i think i also important to make it possible to make an on an english to not use batteries and use

live with them with the mouse that's right
that she should be able to switch that control if you have an l. c. d. screen

out how to make a radically but it
my p. s. two minutes of thing and something like that

and then be there is a before an hour
before an hour when it's good to a given that it's handy they have plenty

i think that we should it should work a lot longer than a couple of days or not "'cause"
because but the l. c. d. screen

i'm pro uses so it
a l. c. d. because in the area of to thirty six to forty five we have about three percent of the market share it in our hands and

it says also
it's helped it has some

that's also ninety one percent to sixteen to twenty five twenty six thirty five years seventy six percent or thirty six to forty five thirty five percent
that's the options should be

good morning again

children

children

all set good

a very warm

a very warm welcome again to everyone

and this is what we're going to do the opening which

the opening which we're doing now and a special note i'm project manager but

i'm project manager but on the meetings i'm also the secretary which

and also put these as fast as possible in the project folder so you can see

them in review what we've have discussed if i'm

if i'm right there are three presentations i

i you could do is prepared one good and

and we have some more time forty minutes but i think we will

but i think we will need it

you know first

we shall i go for the user

no everybody

everybody already has his presentation so

i see so you have sisters

so you can digest it

your name can use it with

now want to explain

want to explain the working design of the remote control is

remote control is possibly very handy if you want to the design one of those

it's works as i in a row down in this no summary when press

when press button others mean do pro of example when you what's turn up volume the the connection is made the rubber

the rubber button just press on that

connection that's

give the chips which is

which is man's beneath those the plastic or rubber button sense that

sense that connection has been make a note

and knows what button you pressed big for example the volume up volume down button and

and the chip makes a morse code like a signal which

which of then it's i signals to several transistors which makes

and that makes the infra-red lights signal which is sent to the television

which is sent to the television set which

which has a sensor it in its to send so the signal of the infrared

production because the disease it is as easy as a reading a page

reading a page just fibreglass the play-doh and use be is cover with some recordings and and chips and the technology

and the technology is already available we don't have to find

we don't have to find out how the remote controls have to work or how

or how to our to make some chips that are possible to to transmit those signals

a little animation of know how it and i were to remote controller works

innovation

there is something trendy

it's a little but that's in the smartboard

subcomponent

so with the wire it is sent to the the chip in cooperation with a battery of course because

of course because it to make us sick and possibly have to have some sort of

i and it and electronic

infrared light

from that it signals a morse code like signal to the to look into a bolt in in the television set

i wrote down some personal preferences about the remote control of

control of course is very handy is the remote controls hand-held so you

hand-held so you don't have to one it up or something i just it's

i just it's very lights to to make to use it i

but i suppose of the one right the other team members thought of as the two and as possible for

and as possible for several designs and easy to use but for each use buttons that

the buttons because the rubber buttons are always they slightly they can be slightly damaged so the numbers

damaged so the numbers on the buttons are not possible and to read anymore and

my name's kim young and i looked

i get this by looking at examples of other remote control so how the the look and information from about that i found

you that would you describe this any and this can be

and this can be all sorts imagine it's just turn it on

adjust volume that standing up if you get

teletext but also to if you

as some like samples of remote controls you can see they're very

any other is more user-friendly the middle it's a big buttons and

and lots and all the you can do that but

i you could better but you should look at the user centred so approach because

and if they don't think it's usable they want to buy a lot of buttons anything

a lot of buttons anything from i don't need says much is that

personal preference is simple remote with the basic functions that you can eat you could use but

but i keep in mind the new functions of t. v. what we discussed earlier split

earlier split screen and is that the function that you should have because all

or because of only a few and isn't really necessary and

are you don't have to have a lot of buttons for an thing and

the method i prefer these are going to look which section of users we're going to focus on a more

going to focus and adjust the remote more to that section then the whole user

some they're younger people from

younger people from sixteen to forty five years or more interesting a few features like l. c. d. screen speech recognition it's either and the

and the process about to sort of the market from in that range of h. the elderly

the elderly people from four or five years to sixty five years are not that much interested in features and we process

and we process less than two thirds just to fifth of the market share in that area

findings fifty percent

fifty percent of users lose their remotes often so we don't have to make a

so we don't have to make a very small like a mobile phone or something but some

something but some a bit bigger than small so you don't lose

so you don't lose that much anymore thirty five

the buttons should be that small or

or should we just complex because just search

because just search for buttons which only going to use

important issues about the remote i think

power users because it's what seventy five percent of the users only said one time in our solar power

volume button in detail but so the two most important buttons on the remote control so those that

control so those that those as to what we find very easily and have to

and have to be somewhat like bigger it's either it has also

it has also we have to find easy when the label is gone my you call it also

my you call it also another that little should be scratched all for

if it's got a if that's the problem you also have to find it easily

buttons slide while can accept have to be minimised

it's easy to set of d. screen you have affairs options put one option and then

option so to other options would be go out and you don't see the buttons

the last but not least younger people are more critical about features because they use

because they use the remote control off more often and are

and all the people spend more money and you see on the remote control to

to have to keep in mind to focus not a lot not that much on the younger people also

people also somewhat on elderly people and our

but i at l. c. d. screen it's easy to use because

easy to use because you have you can implement a lot of buttons in one remote you not that much buttons

no since i did not perhaps

all read them

teletext that's has become outdated since the popularity of the internet so that's

so that's the first thing we i think we should pay less attention to teletext the remote

which endangers the time to market and of course we make

plus new product should reach a new market with customers are younger than forty you

design so we have to keep that in mind

only be used for television

and if they also warn of

that's only for television here

only the television

requirements know functions

basics them i have volume and channel one til to see role numbers on that i think

the other functions

us as a button where you can

but all television makes the use of those button when you first press the button and then press two digits to get

of main targets h. r. work for five plus or

newt the screen also

new product should reach a market with customers are younger than forty and now

because week "'cause" younger people was

one point six thirty five sixty six percent and thirty

because almost a remote control so that print plates will be broken number two years have to

years have to press very hard to go to this year with the l. d. screen it's easy

with the l. d. screen it's easy because you only have a wide

cheap as l. c. d. screens a very expensive touchscreen

touchscreen probably you more

and it's possible to

it's possible to make your l. c. d. screen i was the information

i was the information

it only says that this pursuit percentage like l. c. d. screen

be "'cause" see and it says that younger age between sixteen and forty five highly interesting features more critical

perhaps we should focus on an l. c. d. screen

you don't know what cost of d. screen

is it possible to find out anyway

i don't have any costs here only

costs here only half percent which is

but if you would do a nasty seem to have don't have any buttons or because it

or because it only directed the t. v. then you only have any i don't know what you want to do with the l. c. d.

it and in just display several buttons for example

for example if you want to the minimal use a button so just channel and volume just this place for buttons on the screen and it's possible

and it's possible to put press and that and i just have to screen

touch screen you get the buttons for part of that to other buttons are gone

to other buttons are gone

we're going for an l. c. d. screen

i think is the most used to think

i'm hoping that when we produce a lot won't be too expensive

we had twelve fifty i for for that's i don't know

fifty

and it gets us

i suppose is if the markets are it's a it is the young people are

is the young people are interesting us d. screens we should make them a that

a that is are the market share to in our goal to deal of those remote controls

and that's how to reach those the sales

is if it does get too much too expensive then we should be sticking to rubber buttons

that's later so

so if you you receive an email about that and keep us in there i should

i think we all get the cost of everything

l. c. d. yet they have seventy five

they have seventy five percent of users find them ugly

it looks fancy one a. m. l. c. d. screen

but they don't like it they take it

it they take it when it has an l. c.

this the player remotes not specific l. c. d. remotes

lot but that's not a special or the l. c. d. screen only thing you have to do

what else does a remote

the most important

the most important things on the on the remote control r. channel selection volume can selection

and the teletext what that is not of the question other

the remote quite a big remote that you have to fit i

we could make an a separate menu on the l. c. d. screen with the text

teletext

any so you can amounts the

in the brackets

the remote control to

we should think of the twelve fifty we have that

there is a wee to very same process

a power supplies

power supplies one of the most important things

i think it's not that easy because

they have plenty of time to recharge its of put

its of put it in a recharger charger

so we're going for the richer

it's sensible

hi power usage

more use you are obliged to put it in the charger and that's too early really a couch or a between some cushions

but they also have to sit have somewhere where you can put a remote recharger your couch because

because otherwise you have to walk all when you two of one to turn on the t. v.

otherwise are you here

just a small device when

like or like to have a charger or something

functional designs for the l. e. you could make it possible to a large the screen to make

i think that's for the standard motion button large buttons

because we can look at perhaps forty buttons a screen but the

a screen but the only the p. two buttons

speech recognition and

twelve euro fifty

it's pretty but apart

i know at least it's

was these are all remote controls and just put

and just put a microphone top on the television set

know i think that five

you can clap or shall i

maybe if you say the wrong thing

and it has to be remote control out

the mother of

but they want to talk into it or a remote control something or

would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control so the things that

no but do we want to implement that

i think the l. c. d. screens should use of sufficient

but when you look at the percentages

speech recognition was even higher

maybe because of the cost

maybe because of the cost but

but nobody knows how much as "'cause" then

no i think it's better to have a l. c. d. because

and fifty five of those people want l. c. squared thirty five

one remote

if the costs are allowed

i don't know that can be done with the cost of twelve fifty is that

it should be done if it could be done i won't matter

but how would you like to implement that

then you all sorts of different languages and we go international than

international than that yes they do a french and dutch in the age

this should be accommodate with some software so

